Changer Riga full record | May 30 - YouTube
Transcript:
(00:00) 🎵 First of all, let me thank all of you to attend this event. It's very special. You can applaud to me. Yeah. But now, why is it special? First of all, it's special because we're in Riga. You know? Но почему это особо? Во-первых, потому что мы в Риге. И вы знаете, почему это особо? Потому что мы здесь.
(01:00) Кто знает, почему? Кто сказал? Правильное ответ. right who said so right right answer if not ever changer club will never ever come here again so let's give an applause to even the guy in the back because of him where in Riga yeah so miracles happen second good reason why we're in Riga everything started in Riga, everything started in Riga.
(01:29) I remember back in the days, where is Mr. Pavlov? Mr. Pavlov, can you raise your beautiful body so everybody see? Look at this guy. Can you come closer? Let's give an applause to him. Come, come, come, come, come. Mr. Pavlov
(01:58) is coming. The microphones are also coming, running to Mr. Pavlov. Who is first, microphone or Mr. Pavlov? Mr. Pavlov or microphone? Mr. Pavlov or microphones? It's him. So he's always first. Andrey, please introduce yourself. So many people never saw you i even forgot how you look like even though in my dreams not very good ones i must say sometimes you appeared but very rarely so please introduce yourself who you are who who you are who who are you i am latvian and New Zealand guy who guy I have some businesses in water look at this beautiful girl imagine you're talking to her yeah it's married to join
(02:38) our society change your club and be closer closer maybe maybe there will be some chance to remove our Changer Club to New Zealand and organize new environment. Stop, stop. Can we stop here? Those of you who are interested what kind of dope he smokes because he just proposed to move to New Zealand, come to me.
(03:04) I'm his dealer. So let's give an applause. So Changer Club in New Zealand, not bad idea. Now, Sirius, who are you? What do you do for living? I'm a businessman from water, drink and equipment industry. Very simple. Let me help you. Let me ask people, who knows what means Evian? Evian, raise your hand.
(03:35) Evian, you know? Of course it's water. Now look at this guy. Who will tell me connection between Evian and this gentleman? Okay, I help you. This is new Evian. And those who don't believe, come to me in the break. I believe that Andrei is on a path to create a brand bigger than Evian. Am I right? Maybe. Bigger than Evian. Am I right? Maybe.
(04:04) Let's give an applause to a very humble guy who has maybe in his 50 plus years to challenge Evian. Now, why I called Andrey on stage? Back five years ago, when I smoked my dope and there was an idea together with Slava to create Changer Club. Oh, the auditor came. Why it's important to have PWC auditor when I talk bullshit? He's checking the bullshit level.
(04:34) So let's give an applause to Gordon and wake up him. So it's important. Now, five years ago, I told about Changer Club to Andre. I told Changer Club, we will do, we will change. And he looked at me with serious eyes. He thought that I am serious. I wasn't.
(05:00) He said, great idea, where should I send my money? И после того, как он сказал это, многие люди в Риге знают, что это очень редко, что такое слово-комбинация выходит из его мути. Я думал, что мы нашли что-то особенное. Поэтому я очень благодарен, что я здесь вместе с Андреем, потому что он на пути, чтобы построить новый авиационный. Мы на пути, чтобы построить что-то, чего мы не знаем.
(05:21) Спасибо большое, Андрей, давайте аплодисменты ему. Спасибо, ребята. Еще раз спасибо. не знаем, так что спасибо большое, Андрей, давайте аплодируем ему, спасибо, ребята, теперь это был серьезный момент, хорошо, так что, перед тем, как я перейду к серьезным частям, причина, почему мы здесь очень простая, многие из нас живут много в жизни, но эти следующие два дня here is very simple many of us achieve a lot in life but these next two days today and tomorrow my goal is very simple to find a new goal for each of you you will find a new goal and we brought you
(06:00) two world best names in coaching different, who will help you to achieve these goals. And if you don't achieve, there might be two problems. Problem A, wrong goals. Problem B, very wrong goals. Because these coaches cannot be wrong. They are best. So let's give an applause to best coaches who will coach you.
(06:30) And it's a very good news to reflect, to think that you can do much more. And it doesn't matter you're in aviation or like you were with Porsche, it doesn't matter. You can still achieve much more. And that's probably why we built Changer Club, to give the spirit that regardless where you are, look at Brooks. By the way, who doesn't know who is Brooks? Raise your hands.
(06:54) See, Brooks doesn't know himself. Fantastic. Let's give an applause to Brooks. An excellent sense of humor. And why humor is important? Because's politician without human you go insane being a politician so future prime minister of great britain together with the avian producer believe my word those who don't believe come to me in the break now um i really hope that today uh would be very special for one reason.
(07:31) There are seven persons who flew to Riga from Middle East, from Middle East, from Qatar, from Kuwait, from United Arab Emirates to Riga. How many brave people you know who came to Riga from Middle East voluntary without putting electricity under their fingers? How many do you know? Nobody. And you know why they came? Because of Ivar, because of Porsche, and maybe because of Ivar. Let's give an applause to Ivar one more time.
(08:08) Now, Changer Club digitalized, you know? I always hold papers. Today, I hold tablet. And you know what happens? It doesn't work, of course. I keep open. Wow, magic. It says here, your dirty jokes about gadgets are outdated at least 20 years so shut up yeah that's true yeah okay now um let me maybe start uh with a small video uh which everyone probably remembers by heart but repetition always wins those of you who still don't remember what happens on the 55th second, you did something wrong.
(08:50) You should remember it by heart. And when in the morning, or better at night, you wake up, you should know what happens. 55th second. Now let's put a video on you are in the right communities you will be more and more successful it's the only way to explain like I was in the right communities that's why I was in 10% of all German unicorns there's no other way to explain that that's the only way the second thing is there's no other way to explain that. That's the only way.
(09:26) The second thing is there's no more powerful thing for personal development than to be surrounded by people that inspire you, that you want to be like. You have to witness with your eyes the life stories Kachin. It is located in the city of Kachin, in the northern part of the city of Kachin. For me, doing an investment is like booking a vacation, only 10 years long.
(10:12) So I want to experience, if you book a vacation, you want to experience something, right? So if I make an investment, I want this investment to affect me. I want to learn something. I want to experience, wow. I want to be amazed by something. So I definitely want to be amazed by something so i definitely want to be engaged the investments opportunities are amazing i think that i've made already five investments so probably if i was trying to do this by myself i would not have the time nor the variety of capability of analysis that the club allows us
(10:47) to have, nor the access to the CEOs to be able to do these investments. Change a Club is the best place, I would say, in whole Europe. It makes you better, makes you more interesting for others and gives you interesting views into what other people think, what other people invest, what other people are good at and then I'm sure this will make your personal life better than it has ever been. Wow! Let's give an applause to the video producers.
(11:58) I've seen some of you are very skeptical. And I believe you. Probably you think, look at Roma. Look at the guy in the corner. He's the skeptical guy he probably think it's fake it's artificial intelligence these people on the screen they are not real you know Arkady faked it change it and it's not real so let's try to check if it's true or not I want to invite an actor you know who was paid to tell all these If it's true or not. I want to invite an actor who was in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance in advance let's give an applause a special guest from dubai will o'neill please join me come come come come
(12:52) i wasn't expecting this yeah well first of all i really appreciate uh you came that long to riga just have one question I just have one question. Is it serious? Did you really come from Dubai to Riga? I came from Greece to Dubai to London to Riga. Fantastic. Let's give an applause. What a guy, what a brave move.
(13:19) What a brave move. My wife does not. It's definitely brave. Yeah, it's brave. Brave for sure. Yeah. Why do you mention wife now why yeah she loves me traveling okay how many years she loves you traveling since the beginning I said yeah you're lucky I will take master class from you that's important now look at the tally eyes imagine he see for the first time you elevator pitch what vity needs to know about you who is will i mean the crazy guy who came from dubai to riga i work in tech i'm a gm of a tech company i'm an entrepreneur i invest in companies and also with the help of changer club which
(14:00) spurs on the investments i have a six-month-old baby baby girl who is the main priority so if my This does not harm the investment. I have a 6 month old girl who is the main target. If the investment does not go to the right place, we will have problems with the family. Yes, you will have huge problems.
(14:12) Can you share the broader color of this abbreviation? MD, BI, BU, BA, BU. What is this? MD what? What is this MD? I know MC. Are you a DJ? On the weekend. this MD of what? What is MD? I know MC, are you a DJ? At the weekends. I'm the general manager for a technology company.
(14:36) I look after the Middle East, Africa, Central Eastern Europe, the Med, soon Italy, Spain, France, which is good fun. Look at the eyes of a politician from Great Britain, you know, they're not Ireland, but they want to have Ireland together, but they have no chance. Now, this IT company, does it have turnover sales? Yeah. How much? Give me a number. Indicatively around 2 billion a year.
(15:00) two billion of rubles uh no uh us dollars let's give an applause two billion dollars sounds convincing managing director sounds also not bad how many people under your command uh we've got about 150 with 6,000 employees globally 6,000 yeah 150 under your command now the most difficult question and then you have a drink oh i, I can't wait. One.
(15:26) What do you mean? Do you want to sit? I thought you are happy. Not at all. You know, I thought I am hilarious, at least 5%. Look, very difficult question. Focus on me, look in my eyes. I've got it. I look at you, you look at me. One character of you as a manager your employees love one unique think empathy when empathy how does it works you have to care for people know what they give us example it's not just about knowing what the people are doing and work but their job spec is it's about what their goals are their core values what they value and stops of subsets corporate bullshit We don't eat it. Give us an example.
(16:07) Imagine it's Monday morning. I'm your employee. I just fucked up the whole business of last week. I come to you and say, Will, give me empathy. And you? Well, it depends what strike it is. No, no, but it's a normal, normal discussion, you know? If it's strike three, well, then it's a different conversation. If it's the first time it happens, then, yeah, okay.
(16:27) You get a pass. Okay. Now, second example, and you're done. And you go to your drink. I hope this is not recorded and circulated. Yeah, please delete. Good enough. Now, I come to you on Monday. It's my third strike. I come, Will, hi, my, меня зовут Аркадий. Дайте мне эмпатию, я разговаривал три раза в раунде. И что ты делаешь? Я думаю, что нам нужно поговорить о выступлении.
(16:53) Спасибо большое. Реальный МД. Отбирайте хрень от действий. Я очень рад, что ты пришел. Спасибо, спасибо. Пожалуйста, сидите. Я надеюсь, что вам понравится. Возьми микрофон с собой, это хороший подарок. Это хороший подарок, возьми его к дебатам. I hope you will enjoy it. Take microphone with you. It's a good souvenir. It's a good souvenir. Take it to Dubai. It's okay.
(17:15) You know, when I come to Dubai, it usually takes 12 hours. I consider myself brave, but when I look at these guests who came reverse, I think they're triple brave because I know why I come to Dubai, but they didn't know why they came to Riga and they still came. Let's give an applause. It's amazing. Now we have a very special person today who will brainwash you, Nathan.
(17:45) Let's give a warm welcome to Nathan. Those who don't know him, you will learn soon. Nathan can ask you to raise. Let's give an applause to Nathan. Nathan, I have one question. This crowd is very skeptical, especially when it's HAK is drinking a nice scotch. Now, in one sentence, why those who will not be listening to your presentation will lose a lot? Why? In one sentence.
(18:19) Why they shouldn't leave before your talk? It depends where they leave to and what they go doing, I guess. Forget about it. Give it an argument, especially to this guy in the back. He is the most skeptical among us. He's an auditor. It's going to be entertaining. There's lots of storytelling. So you won't fall asleep, I'm sure. Right.
(18:35) And I think we won't fall asleep because this gentleman did 27 marathons. So he knows something about stamina, about not giving up. And it's very important for all of us to learn how to not give up when things are against us. So be patient. Nathan is following the most boring part of Changer Club, my talk. Let's give an applause. It was a good joke. Thank you. Have a seat.
(19:08) It was a good joke. Thank you. Have a seat. See, nobody likes my jokes. Actually, many people tell that I should retire. And I'm considering. It was also a joke. Yeah. Forget about it. Now, Nathan is good, but this is not enough because changer club is never enough and i am very glad that by virtue of god a beautiful woman if not her this gentleman will never ever would have changed convenient zoom settings and end up in Riga.
(19:47) Let's give a warm welcome. It's Hak Pintusevich. Came to us from Ukraine or Israel or I don't know from where, but it doesn't matter. It's Hak. Come to me, please. Thank you. Hello, it's Huck. Who is coach? Coach, I don't speak English. You do. Until 30, I did not speak Russian from stage. I had phobia. I had phobia to speak with people.
(20:22) And until 30, I did not speak from stage. with people and until 30 I did not speak from stage and from 30 years old I started to speak and I speak from 30 until 51 now I'm 51 years old I speak without without interruption in English I don't speak I understand but don't speak I have no practice I sit in Russian no no in Russian I speak every time in English and I only listen it is first time in my life that I speak in English let's give an applause what a brave man it's cock who is coach coach this is profession this is profession This is a profession you can help for other people to set and achieve goals.
(21:12) Because everybody has a lot of… Money? No, no. Love? Money? Sex? Desires. Desires. Right. Everybody has a lot of desires. I want this and portion this, but it's not goals. Coach help for people to take desire, the most strongest desire, and to set goal and to make plan how to achieve this goal and to keep motivation.
(21:47) Because when you start to achieve your plan, you can lose motivation. Because to win, it's not pleasure. Goal is pleasure. I want goal. I don't want to work to achieve it. And I thought, who is investors? This is people that don't like to work. This is so true. Let's give an applause to us. We don't. We love other people work.
(22:20) I thought, who is all people don't like to work work I want to invest and to sit and to drink and to to how to say, from life smoke dope yes I started to speak English it's very dangerous because from 30 until 51 I spoke in Russian without interruption if I will speak in English it's it's dangerous you know why Tony Robbins will retire let's give an applause I don't like to work I like to sit in Jerusalem to learn something I don't want to speak it's hack now the most difficult question I will I will speak about how to not achieve goals
(23:06) and to be happy without goals. Yeah, and by the way, tomorrow there will be simultaneous translation. I will speak in Russian. Yeah, he will do his native language. It will be translated. Everything will be good. Now, you know who is Pizdyuk? No, what do you mean? I will help you. Pizdyuk is peace, peace, peace.
(23:32) And Duke is a bird. Together is Peace Duke. It's a hack. I have a question. We have several Arab members here in the hall. Several? Several members who are Arabic. They are here. I love Arabic. Yeah, I know you love. Our relatives. Yeah, let me ask you a difficult question. Why Arabic members should not be afraid of you? Because we are relatives.
(24:06) Explain us, the King Solomon and Suleiman, are they the same people? I think it's not a good question. Not a good question. We are not friends, we love each other and we have no reasons not to be together. Here, no, here it's special. Here? Yes.
(24:30) no reasons to be not to be together where here no this is here yes can you make a strategic peace talk with our arabic members today that there is peace in the middle east can you do it to do peace East to become a real... We have a few different types of people. Investors, this is one type of people. They don't like to work and they love money and love to be happy. Another type of people like to war, like to fight, like to kill, like to...
(25:09) This is, how to say, the nature of these people. And we can't make all people the same. We love money and peace, they love fight. And they love fight. This is the nature of these people. был тренером Виталия Кличко, например. Боксер. He is a fighter and we have different type of people and fighters will ever fight.
(25:50) We can't make peace because we have King David. King David was a fighter and King Solomon was a peaceman. Yes, this is different. Father was a fighter. All his life he was in war. King Solomon was, he said, I like to marry women, for example. He had 700 women. Our guy, we like it too. Let's give him applause.
(26:18) Where's the light? This is, we can't influence of all people. We love money and peace. It's hack is very right. In this hall, all of us want peace, don't like to work, we love women. And it means if in this hall we make peace, this is our first step to the bigger peace. It's hack.
(26:46) thank you for coming so tomorrow tomorrow those of you who will miss its hack will regret till the rest of your life why why who knows why who can raise a hand i know because he just started to talk english and it Он только что начал говорить по-английски, что означает, что он не остановится в следующие 30 лет. И это означает, что он становится главным тренером национального.
(27:11) Тони Робинс умер. Мы забудем о нем. И сегодня важный день. Помните это. Давайте аплодисменты. Спасибо большое. Счастье, любовь, удовольствие. Это моя жизнь. Голосы труд это сложно я не хочу работать я хочу быть в этом спасибо вы знаете, я также ненавижу этот конфликт, это и это, это слишком сложно, но это не так, как я сказал, You know, I also hate this conflict, this and that. It's too complicated.
(27:45) But it's hack told it right. I have better definition even than it's hack for investor. Who is investor? The person who like other ideas more than his. At any time, you will think, well, other's idea are better than mine. You're an investor. Let's give an applause I was thinking one hour about it now changer club is good you know we have intellectual exercises we become smart greedy all nice but we need to relax and I am very happy to invite our host, the ambassador of Latvia at large, who brought these lazy investors from all over the world to Riga.
(28:31) Ivar, come on stage. Let's give an applause to Ivar. Ivar Norvelis, head of this Porsche business. Hello and a very warm welcome to Porsche Center Riga, this beautiful and warm summer evening. And yeah, from my side, we are responsible for the fun part. Usually, Porsche, it's fun at the end of the day. And let me a little bit advertise what we have prepared for you tomorrow.
(29:03) Actually, Arkadiusz, did you know that Latvia once was a car manufacturing country? Latvia was everything before. Let's give an applause to me. It was a well-prepared joke. I did two hours on it, including repetitions. Well done, well done. The next question is, did you know which brand it was of course never produce any car brand no no actually uh latvia once was manufacturer of ford cars and therefore we are inviting you tomorrow to riga motor museum which is our pride and joy actually in latvia because it's one of the best motor history museums in Europe, which was recently renovated.
(29:51) And you will have an opportunity to learn not only about what was produced in Latvia, but a little bit of automotive history. You will have a guided tour, but that's not the main. ka Motoru muzīmu ir uzstāvusi pēc mūsu rīkstākā, Bķernieku rīkstākā, FIA-satīvākā rīkstākā, kur mēs jūtas par jūs, kādās rīkstākās, un jūs būsiet guidāti mūsu in-house pilotu, kas jūs izvēlēs un jūs izvēlēs kādās tips un trikas no rīkstākā, un mūsu pilotis ir Valters Zviedris, kas ir norģēru zonu čempionā GT3 rīkstākā, es arī aktīvi rīkstākās. Jā, un tad, it is walter zviedris who is north european zone champion in gt3 races i also active racer now
(30:28) yeah and then those who are super lucky actually uh will have a taxi lap with walters behind the steering wheel and you will be sitting next to him but those are some of you because of time limitations on the track therefore my only uh only actually uh wish today is uh yeah I I would like you to taste some wine but not to over consume and be ready for tomorrow's track experience and yeah see you tomorrow on track I have final question our our members from Dubai can they order a Porsche Дубайские партнеры, они могут заказать вам Порш? Опа!
(31:07) Поздравляем! Я уже готовил это на 35 минут! Аркадий, я тоже готовил для вашего шоу Мы берем заказы от всех Вопрос в том, что вы продаете? Видишь, он никогда не говорит нет Поздравляем Ивера! Почему рейс трек важен? he never say no. Let's give an applause to Ivar.
(31:29) Why race track is important? To get your inner demon out, to get your energy out, to get the feel of a high speed. Yeah, and believe me, after that many creative ideas will come into your mind. Let's watch a small video about this Porsche. I mean, what is it, Porsche? those of you who still don't drive it it's a new car looks like mine ДИНАМИЧНАЯ МУЗЫКА Давайте аплодисменты Иверу. Для всех наших новых членов, кто может забыть наши политики.
(32:30) Porsche не только хорош, но и полезен. Такой дискаунт, что вы можете получить Porsche, вы не найдете нигде. Даже в Антарктиде, я был сказан, он не доступен. Так что помните, этот парень, поговорите с ним, он отправится в Дубай. Давайте аплодисменты Иверу, потому что он организовал для нас крутые опыты. А, кстати, где эта красивая фотография из последнего года Порш-экзерсиса? Можете показать мне эти счастливые лица? Счастливые лица из последнего года.
(33:00) Активитет, который мы сделали с Поршом. Видите? Вы его знаете? Что? Я даже его видел. Это парень в заднем. Yeah, beautiful. Now, we hear a lot, Dubai, Dubai, Dubai, Dubai, Dubai. In Riga, it's very rare that you hear Dubai before. But now, Emirati, biggest investor, is doing something in Riga Harbor, and we follow the suit.
(33:43) Let me put a presentation on about Changer in Dubai and it's for me time to shut up and to invite more legit voice to give you a story that you didn't expect. Five years passed, Mr. Pavlov believed in us five years ago but who could imagine that this crazy idea will end up in a presentation you will hear now in a second pay your attention crazy things happen especially when like it's hack told you become lazy that you have ideas but you don't want to work now without further ado let me invite on stage jonas rollo who will impress you
(34:28) with a try this yeah yeah who will impress you uh with our recent decision with our recent decision to open changer club branch in the middle east let's give an applause this decision was not easy good evening everyone um i think that all of you knew that last year we did already uh well sorry This year we started already doing events in Dubai.
(35:03) So last year we started the first one. And after in October, we came with the idea of expanding our presence in the Middle East and starting getting more members in the Middle East. That's why the presence, overwhelming presence of the Middle East members. It's quite good to see you guys. And we are going to do one step further.
(35:27) So in 2025, we are going to start the launch of Changer Club in the Middle East. So why the Gulf countries? So why the Middle East? So the GDP for the Gulf countries, it's expected to be 13 trillion in the next decade. So it's really, really booming. Dubai is emerging as a global center for financial Southeast Asia, Middle East, Africa. And I do not want to exclude here India because it's one of the most important markets of evolving right now.
(36:02) Compared to Europe, we see the problems that Europe is bringing in terms of security, the taxes, and it's really slow growth in these markets. And then Dubai population is expected to double within the next decade. Also, one third of the world population is less than four hours flight from Dubai. So this is a really an important point that with that location we are reaching a large number of the population to the club.
(36:40) Well Dubai is also a very important place because it's clearly right now in the Middle East is the playground of the millionaires. So Dubai has 60,000, that's the ones that are declared, the 60,000 millionaires. There's probably a lot more than that. Annually there's around 7,000 that are expected to join in the Middle East. And there's also, because of the large expat community, there's a high demand of networking and a high demand of cohesion.
(37:12) So, Change Your Club can clearly occupy that space that a lot of other clubs are already doing, although we are doing it in a different way. And another question is, we think right now that there's a lot of turmoil in the region and why should we, Changer Club, go there right now? If we follow the example of Sheikh Mohammed Al Maktoum, clearly said if I would be worried with this situation with the turmoils and I would not invest where I need to invest, where would Dubai be today? So Changer Club thinks the same way. So, if we do not take this step right now, this is the right time to do it, then it means that probably three years from now, four years from now, we will regret not having done that step.
(37:55) So, this is clearly the idea. So, we'll launch Changer Club in the Middle East in January 2025. That's 12 separate events out of the Middle East that we're going to have. We will continue to have the 12 events out of Europe, but this is another 12 that we're going to do. And the goal is to build a powerful local base of angel investors and influential people that will work as a syndicate for doing angel investments.
(38:32) Well, I think that a lot of you already know me. Those who don't, please approach me, talk with me. I'm very welcoming to talk with people. And I think that I have a little bit of experience besides the 15 years in the Middle East. I have experience in technology, negotiating high tech for over 25 years.
(38:55) And I've been doing a lot of other different stuff. And actually, I was talking now to really change even myself continuously. So I really am proud of being part of this journey with Changer Club and then as I mentioned already 12 events a year Middle East plus EU and it will be one membership so anyone that is in Europe can attend the events in the Middle East anyone that is in the Middle East can attend the events in Europe.
(39:28) So we just doubled the opportunities for us together, for you to network and for you to do business in the end. Let's give an applause to Jonas, you know. First of all, he came to us from Qatar. You remember Qatar, you know, political news Qatar. So this is a Qatar boy. He came to you from Qatar, from Qatar. That's very important. Let's give an applause. Now, I think we're not finished.
(39:51) There are more slides. Can you give us presentation back? Huh? Yeah, and now, Let's give applause to Jonas. Since it's Huck, besides being such a hilarious speaker on stage, in the breaks before he's so hilarious on stage, he's training me. He taught me that we shouldn't really boast a lot about our plans. Therefore, I'm saying this is not plans it's all the sending of god everything you see we're just thankful it keep moving but it's not us now many of you probably think this is all crazy this is impossible they will never do it
(40:41) how difficult it is blah blah blah. But now we will blow your mind one more time. Let me welcome on stage a very humble member of Changer Club who's been with us, I think, for four years, Tulio Liblik. Let's give an applause to Tulio. Slide back. to Tullio. Slide back. Tullio, do you smoke? Just a little, as much my wife allows me.
(41:16) For those of you who don't know Tullio, Tullio, elevator pitch. Who is Tullio? How old are you? Still now, dear friends, ladies and gentlemen, I am really happy to be on stage again. This didn't happen for half a year. See, he missed it. Let's give him applause. But again, this was nearly six months ago. I have got instruction from our Mr. President Arkady.
(41:52) Breathe now. To invest, to study the situation, where, which location, what is the concept to build Changer Village in the world. I gave you instruction? That happened. I thought you gave me instruction. What a miracle. So we gave instructions to each other.
(42:22) And we involved Christie's, a world-famous real estate agent, started to put together the concept. ja aloitimme yhdistämään koncepti. Olimme katsoneet paljon kritiikkoja Changer Clubista ja Arkadista, mutta toivon, että teimme parhaamme. Olimme käyneet koko maailman. Ja mikä on se toinen tapahtuma? Päätimme asentaa Changer-villan Emiratissa, Dubaiin, Abu Dhabi. And now the decision is to create our new community in Abu Dhabi.
(42:56) Many of you have asked why on earth we smoke cigars. See, after smoking cigars, such kind of ideas come to mind of our Estonian Tullio. Tullio, how many square meters you build in your life? We have another calculation. We are not measuring in square meters. Therefore, I need to come back to my office. Next time I tell you how many square meters.
(43:23) But now our destination is Abu Dhabi. Therefore I am missing your disco event tomorrow I need to fly back there to continue with our project. See, Tulio is not only investor he is politician on all my questions he is answering his own way. Let's give an applause to Tulio. But what is important is that we have created a concept to Давайте аплодируємо Тулію.
(43:56) Але важливим є те, що ми створили концепт, щоб створити сел, який буде відмістити 80 будівництв, 15 вілок, спа-спа, і секретний продукт, який називається «Хайність-центр», «Хайність-ритрит». І ті, хто не знає, що «Хайність-ритрит» — я кажу, ніхто не робить. called the Happiness Center, Happiness Retreat. And those of you who don't know what Happiness Retreat is, I tell you, nobody does. It's a work in progress.
(44:11) But the result of it, those people who will have an apartment or a villa in this compound will rejuvenate themselves, will feel needed, will feel that you have deep relationship, збудують себе, почнуть відчувати, почнуть відчувати, що у вас є глибокий співпраця, що окситосом випадка віду. Ви почнете відчуватися 10 років раніше, якщо ви зберегетеся з Туліо і смакаєте більше сигар з ним.
(44:38) Тому, чому ми кажемо це? Туліо є в доступі для дискусій. Він піде знову до Дубаї. Я думаю, коли в нас почнеться війна? this Tullio is available for discussions he's flying to Dubai again I think when the village will be commencing by the end of the year so now our task is to select finally the location the fix the concept and then we come back to the stage Видите, очень четкая ответственность по сроку, вы все понимаете.
(45:05) И именно на этой дате мы вернемся, и вы услышите более детально. Давайте аплодисменты Тулио. Спасибо большое, вы были невероятны. I think 200 thousand meters square meters, if I remember correctly, this boy was building his life. I have one last slide for this presentation because it's time for me to stop.
(45:31) Let's see what else is on our minds. In addition, when we were drinking cigars with Tulya, another nice guy from our club came to me and said that Gulf classes are full of money. One more gentleman from our club smoked and came to me and said, look, Gulf countries are full of cash. Sovereign funds are full of cash.
(45:52) Let's bring this cash to Europe. Then this guy was so smart, he said, look, you keep saying that the economy will grow six times. Probably European large enterprises would like to do M&A deals in the region. Let's do this service under the Changer brand and call it Changer Global Advisory. I'm strictly not allowed to name who this person is, so don't even make any imagination who he is.
(46:26) make any imagination who he is. He's incognito yet he's undercover but it's a great guy one of you and why we are presenting this we feel that this is one of the strategic direction in Changer Club so if you have a product that match a concept of development, wealth and want to want to collaborate with a changer brand, come to Jonas, don't come to me because I'm crazy, he's a more reasonable guy, he worked for Amazon, you know, they don't take crazy people, I know, strictly recruitment policy, and discuss it, yeah, because
(47:00) similar like it was with Tulio and a guy undercover. They came to us, we said yes, and see the project is moving. That's pretty much it about our plans for Dubai. So next year in January, we start full-fledged club in Dubai. It means 12 events in the Middle East, 12 events in Europe, one membership card, one database of members, one joint syndicate, incredible connections, incredible life stories that you can synchronize, incredible investments, all to raise your intellectual capacity and happiness to the next level.
(47:39) Why? Because only people and deep connections are important. So let's give an applause to me. I'm so tired. and deep connections are important. Let's applaud. I'm so tired. What should I do? That's said. I'll go, blah blah blah. It's time to give the athlete the floor. Nathan, without further attention, I missed the rest of the points.
(48:04) The stage is yours. Please impress us. without further ado I skipped the rest of the point the stage is yours please impress us please let's start with a little yeah we need the music off on the presentation, and I think he's working on it. That's so proud. Okay. So, as I said earlier, my goal is to do some storytelling and tell you a little bit of my endeavors as a human guinea pig.
(48:40) And hopefully through that, some learning can transfer into your minds and how you think. Because I think if there's one thing that I would love for you to take home today is a different way of thinking about one thing. Whatever that one thing is, whether it's business, life, health, family. We are one person.
(49:00) We are one whole. And therefore, how we think and how we behave is working across this holistic approach of the human condition that we are one whole and therefore how we think and how we behave is working across this holistic approach of the human condition that we are. Attempting an impossible challenge requires a high degree of self-confidence and risk-taking.
(49:36) You're admired if you succeed, or a fool if you don't. I've discovered that my mind is able to take my body further than most people can, through determination and mindfulness training. At a marathon your legs are already fed up. They want to give up. At 200km it's your mind that keeps you moving on relentlessly.
(50:00) to be self-aware with strong support from those that you love around you. I think about why I'm here, the difference I can make raising funds and awareness through my challenges and I love being in nature. I love being out there. Thank you. When I was four years old, my mom drove frantically as fast as she could
(51:24) the family car towards hospital while my dad had me on his lap on the backseat and he was blowing into my mouth. I had stopped breathing and I had developed a very severe asthmatic condition. And after being resuscitated and given the care I needed, the medics sat with my parents, and they explained that as a young child, I have this severe asthma condition, and asthma is in a way a disability, you cannot heal from it, and therefore you have to adapt.
(51:59) You have to change your environment to avoid the triggers that cause asthma. And my parents obviously asked what these triggers look like. And he explained that it was things like being outdoors, where it's dusty, sleeping at your friend's house, where the microbiome is different, the food you eat, the pets you're allowed to have, and in my specific case also, exercise-induced asthma. So every time my heart rate went over a certain point, I would trigger an attack. So my parents had a decision to make. They were either going to,
(52:42) like most children 45 years ago now, were told whenever it was sports day or PE lessons, they would sit on the side with a sick note from the doctor to watch sports. My parents had to make a choice. And what they did is they signed me up to every single sport the school offered, which is exactly opposite of the medical advice.
(53:15) And I thanked them for it because even today that is now the appropriate response to a child with asthma. Strengthen their lungs so they can cope with the condition. But for my parents that was a risk because this was completely unknown. How do these metaphors of going into the unknown, whether you're investing or whether you're choosing to do, to make a decision that has risk, affect the way that you then behave? And for my parents, it was scary, but they took the responsibility.
(53:45) My passion for sports led me towards the path of basketball originally, but that's because it was an indoor sport where there was less dust and less triggers. Wherever I went, I had to have my little asthma puffer with me. My PE teacher had one. My grandmother had one. Wherever I went, I had one of these puffers with me.
(54:00) And I coped. I coped. Sometimes I would have to take time out and sit on the side, but most of the time, I managed to play. And I played at a high level. I played professionally. I played in. Sometimes I would have to take time out and sit on the side, but most of the time, I managed to play. And I played at a high level. I played professionally. I played in Italy. I played in Malta.
(54:10) And I was on the national basketball team for 12 years. Until I had a severe accident, an injury on the court, which messed up my knees, tore my cruciate ligaments, my meniscus. And I've had probably four or five surgeries after each other. But my mind was still saying, I want to do sports, I want to play.
(54:30) But by that time, the damage was done. And so I remember deciding what I was going to do next. Some friends suggested golf, which I felt, you know, when I'm 60, maybe I'll sign up for that, but not yet. And I was doing my rehabilitation.
(54:46) I was doing some swimming, for that but not yet and I was doing my rehabilitation I was doing some swimming, I was doing some cycling I was doing some running just to get back in shape and take care of my knee and I realized that actually if you put those three together it's a sport so I started to look into triathlon, I had always played team sports, I wasn't I didn't think I have endurance.
(55:02) And I started to experiment with triathlon. And I remember going the first one and coming out of the water last, coughing and spluttering. And then getting onto my 20-kilo mountain bike, which is what I had, trying to chase up the rest of the guys. And then get onto the run. And towards the end of this race, I started to catch people up.
(55:23) And I thought, ah, I need longer races. If I have longer races, I'll have more time to catch up. And so I experimented with longer races, Ironman, ultra triathlons, et cetera, et cetera. And I found myself actually doing quite well.
(55:43) My stats, bless you, show that actually my running pace is the same from the first kilometer to the last kilometer. I can't go any faster, but I can keep the pace. And that allowed me actually to become quite decent in triathlon and Ironman races, etc. Then I discovered that I was getting some... I realized that people were paying attention. In Malta, it's a small country, so if you do an Ironman, you get some press.
(56:12) You start stretching it further, you get even more attention. And I thought, can I use this to raise attention for causes I believed in? And I switched my approach to being a fundraiser using these charity challenges. switched my approach to being a fundraiser using these charity challenges.
(56:29) And the problem with these things is that people will only give you attention when you're doing something a bit more than someone else has done. So the curiosity around what can I do that nobody's ever tried started to bear impact. And I spent a lot of my time working with nonprofits and I sit on a number of boards to help them. And what I realized is that the more inspiring you can do things, the more attention you get, the more attention you get, the more media follows you, which means you will raise more money.
(56:54) So I set out to try and do things that were perceived as impossible, just to try and raise the funds for these charities. The first one I did was the Marathon des Sables, which is reputedly one of the hardest races on the planet, where you run through the desert. It's not that hard, unless you really want to push yourself to be up front.
(57:18) It's something that most people can actually achieve as long as they don't have a heart condition. All of us in this room can run a marathon and more. We are designed to run. Our ancestors 50,000 years ago ran 50 kilometers a day to chase wildebeest to get their dinner. We are genetically designed to run those distances.
(57:41) We've just lost the appetite to do so because we just use our phone and get the food to us. We don't have to chase it. But 70,000 years is nowhere near long enough for us to change our genetic makeup and move into a different species. So we are still runners by nature. And I wanted to experiment with this.
(58:01) So I decided that I was going to run a marathon in every EU state to raise awareness and funds and promote running as a well-being, but also to raise funds for kids with disabilities. And I looked at the map and I figured out how I was going to do this, but I realized it was going to cost a fortune for me to fly up to run the official marathon of each country in one year.
(58:24) And some of them were actually on the same day, which made it impossible. So I thought, what if I do them in one go? And so I set up to plan to run a marathon in each of the 27 EU states back to back. So 27 marathons, 27 days, 27 countries. And the reception I got from people I started to speak to was, you're an idiot.
(58:52) It can't be done. Which reminded me a little bit of my parents' story of when the doctor said it can't be done. And I took it on as a challenge to see if it could be done. And I thought, worst case scenario, I'll crawl to the village line. But if we can get enough press to follow this and people interested and people to come and run with me in each country, we're going to raise quite a bit of money.
(59:11) And we did. We raised over 100,000 euros just for people who came and said, you know, I'm going to run the first kilometer. I'm going to run the first five kilometers with you in each country. And we rented a camper van. I had a friend of mine drive the camper van. And he would drive to the next country, stop on the start line, I'd get out, run a full marathon, get back in, get a shower, drive to the next country.
(59:34) And we did that for 27 days. With some trials and tribulations and stories. But the interesting thing was that most science shows that when you build on top of each other, you wear out. You can wear out your muscles, you can wear out your joints. I had knee issues. But what's interesting is that after the halfway mark, because my mindset shifted to okay, half of it's done, now it's a countdown, I started getting faster. I started recovering more quickly. I started having less aches and pains.
(1:00:06) Because I thought differently, my body reacted differently. So instead of an exponential decline in my physical state, at that point halfway, it actually improved. And this was interesting because for me, and I have a health degree as well, because I'm fascinated about physiology, I wanted to understand why.
(1:00:28) How can the power of mind make such a difference? And I'd heard stories before about these Arctic adventurers or Everest climbers, feats of endurance, but the first time I experienced it myself, I went, hmm, I'm not cheating now, this is me. What's going on? And so I started to experiment with sleep deprivation training and doing longer distances, 100-mile runs, 200-kilometer runs.
(1:00:56) At one point, I ran the length of Corsica, which is about 200 kilometers, jumped in the sea, swam to Sardinia, and then got on a bike and cycled the length of Sardinia. And the goal was to do this nonstop with what we call microsleeps, which is copying what sailors do when they're doing the Atlantic crossing, those 45-minute naps.
(1:01:16) And that's long enough for your brain to press Control-Alt-Delete. And if your brain's working fine, the body follows. And so it became more around how do I control the mind And if your brain's working fine, the body follows. And so it became more around how do I control the mind and how do I work with the mind to be able to get the body to do things it doesn't think it can.
(1:01:37) And more later in my life, and I'll talk about this, I've actually applied this in business. And I've applied it with CEOs that I work with as a coach. And it's amazing to see that once there is a mind shift, there's transformation. And most people who don't transform are stuck in the mind part. So that's me swimming from Corsica to Sardinia.
(1:02:27) And as you can see, a storm picked up about halfway. I had been swimming for about three hours and the boat that was there supporting me obviously started to rock quite heavily. And I had a friend of mine on there who was taking this video, but he had to stop because he had to hold on with two hands at some point.
(1:02:43) And I managed to get to the other side eventually about 16 kilometers later and uh and they came and they were like so how was it you know it was like rough and and all then how did you feel and going up and down and I was like what are you talking about I mean like we've just been through a storm I went okay, I didn't realize.
(1:03:09) When you're immersed and all you see is the big blue and all you're doing is counting one arm over the other, singing my kids' songs, just keep swimming, just keep swimming, you completely lose yourself in that action. And the whole environmental part, the forces that act on you, disappear. And that was really when I started to experiment with flow state. Flow state is the state of mind where we are absolutely immersed in the activity we are doing.
(1:03:36) And at that point, physically, emotionally, and mentally, we ramp up up to 300% in our performance. And I've spent the last 10 years working on how we can trigger flow more in ourselves and also in businesses. I'm gonna share some of that with you today. But this deep immersion, despite from the outside looking as dangerous or difficult, when you're in it, you don't see it.
(1:04:07) One of you actually said this in a conversation while we were having drinks before. The way we set our mind dictates the outcome. Truly set it, not pretend set it, not just say it, but believe it. And if we believe something can be done or we believe it can't, either way, that's what's going to happen. Now, I'm not being flippant and saying, yeah, I can jump off the top of a building because I believe I can fly.
(1:04:36) It's not about that. It's really understanding that most of the time we don't succeed because of a self-limiting belief. Whatever that is, how deep that is in your mind, how deep that is in your mind how deep that is in your subconscious is usually the thing that stops you from achieving your potential and you can see it with kids it's much more obvious but you also see it with high performers i've coached olympic athletes top ceos And you see the things they say, oh, I'm rubbish, I can't public speak, don't put me on a stage.
(1:05:06) Oh, I'm never going to win the gold. I mean, if that's your starting point, then you're set. Yeah? You've set the bar. So, why is it as business owners, you know, like you, I'm an entrepreneur and I run teams and businesses. We often focus, unfortunately unfortunately on the action. We think about results, winning, and we take the right action.
(1:05:31) We push hard. We put in the hours. We take the risk. But those actions don't necessarily always result in positives. And what we don't see often under the ground is the thinking and the believing. How are those hijacking our results? Because if our thinking and believing is not right, is not in sync with the actions, our emotions flip.
(1:05:57) Okay? We'll talk about the importance of emotion in business. Emotion in business is critical. If you're trying to create a culture in your organization, it's about emotions. It's not about KPIs. It's not about employee engagement scores. It's about emotion, emotional regulation, and emotional intelligence.
(1:06:17) And that simply is a contrast between what we think and believe and the outside world. It's simple. Our emotional state is determined by the outside world and our internal beliefs. And if they are in conflict, you have a negative emotion. If they are in sync, you're gone. So this is what we need to do. We need to figure out how we're going to get under the hood.
(1:06:41) What's inside? How are we going to unravel this for us to be able to manipulate it positively, to be able to choose the way we want to be? This isn't about where you want to live or which country or where you want to pay your taxes. This is about who you are as a person. And this is fundamental. And you've wired yourself over how many years you've been on this planet.
(1:07:03) It's very difficult to unravel. But we need to start to look inside to figure out what's going on. The brain is neuroplastic. We can rewire it. But we have to know what we're looking at. And I talk about neuroleadership for me.
(1:07:21) When I talk about running a business, it's really understanding how to shape the minds of the people in your organization. It's how to shape the mind of the person you're negotiating with or partnering with. It's how to shape the mind for yourself in order to change the way that you behave. And it's relatively straightforward. We have human emotions that are set. Anyone have a bungee jump in this room? Yeah, quite a few. Good.
(1:07:48) So what you're doing here is you're saying the external environment is scary. Okay, I'm standing on a bridge and I've decided I'm going to jump off it with some elastic tied to my ankles. Yeah. So rationally, you're trying to convince your subconscious to be quiet and obey and jump and this is the conflict i'm talking about between the external environment which in this case could be possible death with this rational idea of yeah i'm tied up these guys know what they're doing i should be safe and this conflict is what causes the emotional response which if you've bungee
(1:08:23) jumped you know what it's like and you can probably imagine it if you haven't. This huge conflict between choosing to do something that could kill you is the antithesis of rational and irrational thoughts hitting each other. The other thing that our brain does well is it extrapolates into the future. Some people think this might be even scarier than the one before.
(1:08:49) Yeah, and the rational and the irrational comes to play a lot here, yeah. But the thing is with our brain as well is we extrapolate into the future. So we don't just say, okay, I'm gonna bungee jump and I'm gonna be fine and 30 seconds later it's gonna be done with. We also make decisions that are gonna affect us in the long term.
(1:09:08) Yeah, so I'm going to invest my money today and take a risk. Will I get it back? So this extrapolation, this teleolithic process in our brain of looking forwards and expectation is fraught with danger because our subconscious is the one that's projecting forwards. If we are risk-averse, we're going to look at the risk in a different way.
(1:09:30) If we're maverick, we're going to look at risk in a different way and we're going to extrapolate that forwards. So what's going on in our subconscious is dictating essentially the future vision we have on any given thing we're making a decision on today. Most of the time it's irrational. So we go in and we say, right, that's a really nice car out there. I think I'll buy it.
(1:09:55) Can I have the blue one? And they explain all the specs and we go, yeah, that's the blue one. That's the one I want. And then Then you buy the car and you go back to your wife and you explain that you've just bought a two-seater Porsche and she says, where we're going to put our three kids? Because we don't make rational decisions.
(1:10:12) We make decisions based on our instinct, which comes out first, and that's messed up with our emotions. And, you know, within seconds we've made our mind up and then we try and post-rationalize and try and make sense of things. Often we've made a decision hopefully before okay so again this conflict between subconscious and conscious coming into play public speaking I mentioned before the biggest fear I have I encounter with coach with CEOs I coach is their fear to communicate the most important message
(1:10:41) which has to come from them can he get someone else to do it? No, it has to be your voice. You are the role model. And again, this is an unfound fear of being judged, an unfound fear of making a mistake and looking silly or saying the wrong thing. It never happens. It happens in their mind over and over and over before the event, but it never actually happens.
(1:11:09) So you see how these things really get in the way of us making the right decisions, making the right choices. So what can we do about this? First we need to understand that the brain, and this is a very oversimplified version of the brain, has different components and does different things. We've got our logical executive state, which hopefully we're using on a regular basis to make decisions.
(1:11:32) Then we have our instinct. What do you think the ratio is? And this is Daniel Kahneman's work, economist, psychologist, who said that most organizations today, especially because of the need for speed, are making instinctive decisions, which by default typically are not the most rational. And this is why we're perhaps in a state that we're in.
(1:11:55) But if we don't understand where this setting is, it's very difficult for us to calibrate because the emotional system in the middle controls whether we use our survival system our instinct or our executive rational system to make decisions if you've had just just had an argument with your kid on the way to work or before leaving home because they don't want to go to school and you are faced with a situation where you have to make a decision, you will not be rational.
(1:12:28) It's very difficult for you to take an emotional situation and subside it to be able to make an executive decision. So think about it in your day. How often do you make decisions? How often do you make a decision, even a mundane decision of what you're going to wear? We're making decisions all the time.
(1:12:59) The average human being has 80,000 thoughts a day. 80,000 thoughts a day, which could lead to different pathways, different decisions, different ways of thinking, different ways of behaving. The vast majority of those are pre-programmed. We train ourselves to behave in the way that we behave because it's much easier. We consume less energy when we're doing things that we've trained ourselves to do.
(1:13:22) We become efficient. Think about it. Remember the first time you drove a car? We'll use car analogy since. Think about, remember the first time you drove a car? We'll use car analogies since we're here. Remember the first time you drove a car? How complicated it was? You have to think of all the moving parts and especially if it was a gear shift and when to release the clutch. You couldn't think of anything else.
(1:13:39) You were deeply absorbed in that and was very very stressful. That was your executive brain learning how to drive. Today, after so many years, you get into the car, you switch it on, and you drive. Your executive drive, that brain is thinking about work, thinking about stuff, and your subconscious brain is driving the car.
(1:14:07) Yeah? How many of you have driven to work on a Sunday because your subconscious brain is driving to work, but your thinking brain is busy doing something else, and you go the wrong route? Yeah? Two brains, one's driving the car, and one's doing thinking. And this is happening every day. So we need to be conscious.
(1:14:27) Because when we learn something new, it's a struggle. Then we accelerate. We learn. We get good at stuff. But the thing with high performers, whether they're athletes or business people, is that they plateau. They plateau. They get good at something. They do well. They're successful. And they plateau. They plateau. They get good at something, they do well, they're successful, and they plateau.
(1:14:54) Research shows that just pushing harder doesn't work. You can't just simply put more effort in when you start to plateau. You to change the way you think. And some of us reinvent ourselves, some of us change the way we do things, we change location, we try and find ways to stimulate our brain to start to think differently. But that's the only way we can get out of a plateau.
(1:15:18) Also by the way, by having people around you who will make you realize you're hitting a plateau. This club has the responsibility to elbow people in the ribs when they're starting to plateau. That's the benefit of having like-minded people around you. Because you don't realize when you're plateauing.
(1:15:39) You maybe start to languish, start to feel a little bit down maybe, a little bit demotivated, but it's very difficult to put your finger on. Why is all this important? It's important because business leaders today are the most trusted individuals in society. Business leaders today are the most trusted people in society, more than politicians, more than religious leaders.
(1:16:08) Business people today are the most trusted people in society more than politicians more than religious leaders business people today are the most trusted we have a responsibility to be role models and because the world is changing so fast we're struggling to keep up you need to take time out to work on your business instead of being in your business you need to take time out to build community and be part of community, not just simply sit behind your desk or have internal meetings.
(1:16:32) You need to meet your customers. You need to meet your suppliers. You need to expand. This is how the world is changing. Субтитры создавал DimaTorzokご視聴ありがとうございました音楽 And you can swap Vistage for Changer Club. What you're doing together and the way you interact
(1:18:33) and the way that you look at what you invest in and who you support is actually critical because society is changing. We can't keep up, but we need to work on ourselves. So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to give you four elements. I need a little bit more time. Four elements of what we found works consistently in top performers in that they do these things, these rituals, these activities, this way of thinking on a regular basis.
(1:19:05) They are consistent. We call it the FIRE model just because the acronym makes sense, but it's really around, again, this idea that we can light up this FIRE, whether it's for ourselves or in our people. And it's built on an acronym of four elements. The first is FLOW. I've mentioned FLOW earlier.
(1:19:26) It's a state of mind where your brain is working at three times the speed, which requires deep immersion and requires you to be out of your comfort zone. Flow doesn't happen if you're bored. So it's really around getting out of the comfort zone. But how much? How much out of the comfort zone? Well, obviously, we're all different. But the difference between pressure and stress is the sweet spot where flow happens.
(1:19:48) And surprisingly, it's a small amount. Getting out of your comfort zone by 4% is enough to stimulate the neurotransmitters in your brain to enter flow. What does this mean? It means that we don't have to do crazy bungee jumping activities to be able to find flow or go swim across islands.
(1:20:14) If you brush your teeth with the other hand, that's enough to trigger neurotransmitters in your brain to wonder what the hell's going on because you're doing something different. So what can you do in your life, on a consistent basis, that's going to nudge you out of your comfort zone, and that's comfortable enough for you to recover, so that you can keep doing it? Yeah? So this is small doses of dopamine that you can get multiple times a day to train your brain to build resilience to get into flow.
(1:20:52) So challenge skills ratio definitely is one of them. The second is newness, creativity. And the third is avoiding flow blockers. One being boredom. So if your challenge skills is you're too good at it, you're going to get bored, no flow. Or if it's too challenging, you're going to get anxious and that's going to stop flow.
(1:21:15) So the flow channel for yourself and indeed for your team is the sweet spot between what's too uncomfortable and what's starting to get boring. Those lines in between are lines of control. When everything seems to be in control when you're cruising, that's a danger zone because you might move into boredom.
(1:21:35) You need to spice it up. If it's edgy, it's becoming a little bit too much, then you need to dial it back. And it's staying in that flow which actually enhances performance. And we took organizations through the programs we run at Up Your Level, and we trigger flow in the way that they measure their KPIs, in the way that they behave in meetings, in the way that they demonstrate the thinking.
(1:22:00) And if we manage to nudge them, those that are anxious into flow and those that are bored into flow, performance of the organization rises significantly. And what is required is micro goals. So this isn't about big, hairy, audacious goals. This is about daily setting of, can I go a little bit more? Can I push a little bit harder? And that, over time, creates a compounding effect, which radically changes performance.
(1:22:27) If you think about extreme sports compared to normal Olympic sports, we see this a lot. There's a lot of evidence to show that incremental increase over time, over discomfort, leads to remarkable results. Let me give you an example. If we think about diving, platform diving in the Olympics is measured by degrees of rotation.
(1:22:45) So whether it's this way or this way or twists. So the amount of degrees of rotation and the way that they land dictates the score. Over 70 years of Olympic diving, we've probably improved by 100%, maybe 200% from the very first dive to what they do today. This sounds good, 200% increase over 70 years. But if we take Red Bull cliff diving, which only started 15 years ago, their increment from when they started to today is 1,000% increase.
(1:23:18) And the reason is because you can die doing it. The fear that pushes you out of your comfort zone is a requirement for flow. You can't lackadaisically jump from 30 meters and see how it goes. You have to be 100% focused because you're going to hurt yourself. And so this daily practice of being in flow automatically increases performance.
(1:23:43) What's your diving board? Is it here? And if you belly flop, it's a little bit uncomfortable. Or's your diving board? Is it here and if you belly flop it's a little bit uncomfortable or are you up there and if you make a mistake it's gonna be very painful. That's the difference between the edge of you improving and getting into flow. The choices you make.
(1:24:01) The second is the I is impact. What we found is that people who are cognizant of the impact they are making tend to be more self-fulfilling. So we feel fulfilled when we know we're making a difference. And it's also altruistic as well. If we feel we're making a difference on others, it improves our own sense of self-worth.
(1:24:21) And this leads to performance. Research shows that people who understand what they're doing by way of measurement typically will put more value in that thing. And when you put more value in, you get more ownership. And when you get more ownership, you get better performance. So if it's your secretary, okay, who's being given a list of tasks that she has no say or he has no say on what to do and how to do it that person can never be motivated or fulfilled we need to give ownership so we need to understand the impact what impact are you making
(1:24:54) you might say well I can look at my bottom line but is that it what impact are you making as a parent? What impact are you making as a son or a daughter? What impact are you making as a member of your community? You know, sometimes we get stuck in the work mode and we forget about these things. But holistically, the impact we make does not necessarily have to be at work.
(1:25:20) It can be anywhere. What's your impact? Because that's what's going to drive you and get you out of bed tomorrow morning to go and do more. The thing is we don't have time. They took a bunch of Harvard MBA graduates and they gave them a problem. They said, here's a bridge made of Lego. It's a bit wobbly. It's unstable.
(1:25:46) Fix it. And what they all did is took more Lego bricks and added them to the bridge. Which was the wrong answer. Yeah? But we have this compulsion that to make things better, we need to add. We have to do more. We have to put more effort. We have to spend more. We have to do more. We have to put more effort.
(1:26:08) We have to spend more. We have to invest more. And that's the compromise of time. Because as far as probably I think everyone in this room, you all have 24 hours in a day. Guaranteed. So that's what you do with them. What are you going to choose to do with them? What's going to make more impact? If I look at square meterage for a property and you look at the building there in the bottom left, you might say, that's crazy.
(1:26:33) You've taken a big chunk out of floor space. That's going to seriously reduce the value of that building, right? Because you're measuring per square meter. But if we measure per quality of life of being in that building and the light access to all the rooms in the building, they can charge pretty much whatever they lost in floor space, and probably twice over in rent.
(1:26:58) This is the concept of subtractive enhancement, taking stuff out to make it better. Can you do that in your life? Can you take stuff out to make life better? What's low in value on your task list? What's low in value on your things to do? And what sacrifices are you making to do that stuff instead of what you could be doing to make bigger impact with the same amount of time? Stop measuring time management.
(1:27:31) Measure return per second, impact per second. If I can have a five-minute phone call to my mom rather than hope that one day I'll find a day off and I can go and spend the day with her, it's probably better impact. Yeah, so it's this stuff. It's really around understanding the value of time and what you can do with it.
(1:27:54) And that's what high performers do. So here's an invitation. Start a not-to-do list. Yeah, start a not-to-do list. Seriously. And again, we know this is cumulative. If you're replacing the stuff you're not doing with stuff that has more value, you're going to create more value. R is for role model. Getting there.
(1:28:25) Again, this is really around being, you know, you joked about being the investor it's it's about not necessarily having to play all the instruments okay we get frustrated we roll up our sleeves and we want to fix stuff but often it's just it's it's it's creating harmony the role of the maestro in an or in orchestra is not to play the instruments it's not to know how to play the instrument better than the people that are playing the instruments. It's to create harmony.
(1:28:48) And so it's creating harmony in your families. It's creating harmony at work. Harmony with friends. Role modeling is about creating that harmony, being an example. And the last one, here's a conundrum. Four frogs on a log. One decides to jump into the pond. How many frogs left on the log? Four. Any other options? Zero.
(1:29:18) Yeah, we might say, you know, zero because one jumps in, another follows. But careful what I said. Decide. Four is still on the log because deciding and doing are very different things. Yeah, I go to board meetings every month and I sit there as an advisor and they say, we're going to do this.
(1:29:36) And I say, hold on a second, didn't you decide to do that last month? Yeah, but shit happened and we couldn't do it and we're discussing it again. High performers execute. They execute towards excellence and this continuous improvement of try it again, try it better. Effort in executing excellence, not mediocrity.
(1:30:00) There is good enough in certain parts of life, alright, perfection isn't the great idea, The idea of effort towards excellence is really what's making a difference. So I'll finish with this. The storytelling is what gets this message across. Think about the stories of your life. Any of you could be up here doing this instead of me. How are you going to extract value from those stories? How are you going to create an impact with those stories? How are you going to excite people with those stories? Storytelling is the art of making things happen.
(1:30:28) And my invitation to you is really sharpen the saw in that. And if you want to know more, there's plenty in the book A Billion Steps, and that's my LinkedIn connection. Sorry I overrun. How about an applause? Many of you historically complained on me, especially one guy who pushed me so badly that sometimes when I sleep, I scream.
(1:30:57) His name is Gordon. Let's give him an applause. If not for Gordon, this club would never exist. He pushed me over the limits, which is good. I was always looking for scientific proof that everything I do is right. Thank you, Nathan. You know, many of you tell me, you're pushy. Wrong. I am moving you from plateau.
(1:31:22) Remember it. Moving from plateau. That's very important. we do and changer club now uh one question to nathan from you with love otherwise i push you from plateau and i am almost there to push you from plateau let's give a microphone to our politician friend Brooks Newmark. He wants to give a question.
(1:31:47) Even though he doesn't think he wants, I know more about him because he comes to me than I am coming to him. Brooks, please introduce yourself, raise a little bit. We want to see you. You want me to stand up? Yeah, stand up. Yeah, hi. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Yeah you yeah hi who are you uh that is the deep question who are we yeah who are you and he's trying to answer that question and i'm going to disagree with him absolutely so um arcadia chooses me because i'm a contrarian and um your ultimate belief well besides the fact i don't have a conscience and subconscious, I have a conscience and then a committee that has a discussion many times with many people in my head.
(1:32:31) Yes. So that's the first thing I disagree with. I don't believe we have free will that all of our behavior like the chairman who is frightened of criticism and so on is driven by a fear created in him as a young child that he probably grew up being told he's not good enough and that's the driver and everything our pattern in our lives driver. And everything, our pattern in our lives, I think is driven by this concept that we don't have free will. We're actually products of our environment, products of our parents,
(1:33:14) products of our grandparents. And that pattern of behavior is started way before we're born. And I think it's, I understand what you're saying, but I think the drivers in trying to understand how to change behavior is the ability to do a deep dive in yourself and spending time with yourself to understand who you are.
(1:33:38) Because unless you understand who you are, you're not gonna be able to achieve all the things that you're quite rightly saying that we should be able to do. Well, I'm not sure that you are disagreeing with me, actually, because... Are you a politician as well, Nathan? Seems to be on the same way. You kind of talk, I agree, disagree, agree, disagree.
(1:33:57) Well, in the sense, for me, the thought process that you've triggered is, when we talk about understanding our subconscious is that the same as knowing ourself or is it different so for me that's a question i'm going to ponder so thank you um you know on the element of free will i think you know it would be a pity if we just accepted that nature and nurture so far has made us who we are and we cannot change so even if it is so philosophically i would say i we cannot change.
(1:34:26) So even if it is so philosophically I would say I would still want to try even if it's futile because for me trying and the effort towards trying makes me feel good. It makes me feel energized. It gives me a sense of self-worth. So accepting that I can't change and I can't do anything about it for me is defeatist. And it may be so. However, there's still a choice we can make in how we accept or disagree with that.
(1:34:54) So I think the richness of your point is there is no right answer. Everybody has an opinion. You have to figure out what works for you. But I think collectively as a society, hope is important. And hope is the fact that we believe that things aren't set, that things can change. See, even chairman can change.
(1:35:15) Hope is important. Now, I have a question to our politician friend. You touched a good point that everything inherited. Give a microphone to the gentleman. I have a question to you. What in your childhood made you to spend two years in Ukraine, became number one charitable organization in Ukraine, going to a war zone on a weekly basis? What's wrong or right with you to say what's right with you what happened in your childhood that you alone probably am i right right is number one western person doing charitable
(1:35:56) work for two years non-stop it's all started in this room for those who don't know am i right yes that's why we were angels for ukraine angels for ukraine angel investors how many how many people did you help by the way for those who don't know well it's not just me it's writers and a small team of us we um evacuated over 35 000 women and children and wounded soldiers from the front line can you hear this 35 000.
(1:36:30) how many times have you been to ukraine during the last two years um i was there 14 and a half months out of the first 18. 14 and a half months okay now tell me why yeah that's that's actually a good question and that's what motivates me why yeah that's actually a good question and that's what motivates I think people to be successful I've always argued that if you've had a happy stable childhood the chances of you being successful is almost zero I think you have to have a dysfunctional childhood in order to be successful why because as a child generally you have not had love or
(1:37:06) affirmation. So why is it that someone like myself for example became like a politician or goes out and does crazy things in Ukraine? It's because we're trying to, if I self-analyze myself, trying to fill a hole in ourselves that is impossible to fill because the hole that should have been dealt with as a child, which is being loved unconditionally, never happened.
(1:37:40) So you spend the rest of your life, I believe, trying to fill that hole, which then leaves, I think, to the billionaires that are out there. I think that is the driver of success. Unfortunately, my conclusion is unhappiness in childhood. See, tomorrow, Itzhak will resolve Brooks' unhappiness on his training, so everything is super good. Let's give an applause to Brooks for his work.
(1:38:02) Все хорошо. Давайте аплодисменты Бруксу за свою работу. Теперь, давайте еще раз благодарим Натана. У него была прекрасная презентация. Для тех, кто не понравился, давайте аплодисменты. Спасибо большое. Перед тем, как мы перейдем на перерыв, несколько важных деталей. Перед тем, как мы перейдем на перерыв break, number one, remember that we came here not only for Nathan, not only for me doing stupid jokes, not only about trauma of a future prime minister of Great Britain, not for that, but about investment.
(1:38:39) So please pay attention to the screen. After we do the break, we we have unique opportunity today to meet German startup Evocare who is reinventing how the care process for elder people is done in Western Europe so please don't get lost we'll have a fantastic presentation and investment opportunity before we go to the break we start announcing our traditional new members presentation now I have first two members that separate us from cognacs whiskey and other pleasures and I'm very honored to invite here on stage
(1:39:20) gentlemen who probably took the longest route to arrive here. Mat Maru, please join us. Let's give an applause. It's crazy how far he went to come here. More, more, more, more. Thank you very much. Hi, how's it going everyone? Sorry, I'm running on like 20 minutes of sleep in the last three days. Let's give an applause.
(1:39:59) That's pushing off the limits because to meet you, you're from Kuwait, right? Yes, sir. How many of you know capital of Kuwait? Please, please, the only hand. It's a trick question. Yeah, it's a tricky question. Okay, one, ah, politician knows. Please. That's correct. See, it wasn't difficult. Let's give an applause to politicians and all few things. Ahmad, I apologize for us being so lousy in geography, but we're fast learners.
(1:40:35) Could you enlighten us what is Kuwait? What's the most important historical items and modern items we should know about your country? Okay, so a little bit about Kuwait's history. It was known for pearl diving for the longest time. If you could put microphone closer, thank you. So you'd have men who were in their 60s or 70s still diving five to ten minutes underwater with no gear, getting pearls and supplying the rest of the region.
(1:40:56) It was colonized by the British, maybe the only country in the region that was happily colonized. Stop, stop, stop. Can you stop here? And can you it it's my favorite it's tough can you do it again kuwait was one of the few countries but slower imagine you taste it yeah let's do it together beautiful kuwait who was independent was colonized by British.
(1:41:26) See? And then what happened? So something unique about Kuwait, every, well, coming to the airport, first of all, funny story, I think I was the first Kuwaiti to ever come to Latvia. He looked at my passport, was like, why are you here? Let's give an applause. First Kuwait in Latvia. Only because of Changer right possibly yeah possibly so something about kuwait people usually lump up the arab countries together i would disagree i would say each arab country has its own identity kuwait is the only semi-democracy in the region as well
(1:42:00) coming from an arab country that means we vote we vote for a parliament it's almost identical to the system in britain where you have a royal family kind of like the queen and then you have a prime minister and so forth and so on. So that's something about unique about Kuwait. It's tiny which means its peacemaking process, its conflict resolution processes have kept it alive.
(1:42:21) It's been under the wing of many other nations time after time. It's like an unhappy husband looking for many wives. Can you repeat this piece of wisdom? I want to memorize it till the rest of my days. Who is unhappy? Husband? No, it's basically, in short, to be politically correct. In short, to be politically correct, Kuwait, given its resources and its position in the world, has to play a very diplomatic role with the nations that it surrounds.
(1:42:52) Let's just put it that way. The Kuwaiti population is 25% of the population of Kuwait, so most people in Kuwait are non-Kuwaiti. Now, it's time to impress us with money. I think Kuwait has a lot to tell. Tell us about oil, money, reserves. You know, these people are greedy. They're investors.
(1:43:13) They don't want to work. They're interested in money. Remember. So Kuwait's history, let's start a little bit prior to the Gulf War, prided itself in the region being ahead of the game and then now it's kind of Dubai is taking that attention but it's not for long we move club to Kuwait and Dubai is losing believe me let's give an applause it was a good joke huh so our company started around that time it was an IT company and it gauged itself and took stakes and basically developing the country and playing part in very strategic operations outside of the country.
(1:43:50) It's a private organization, actually the third generation, usually the first builds, the second expands and the third fucks it up, but so far so good. I'm shocked. It's so eloquent. I think Brooks will retire. You know, before you, you know who was the funniest person on stage? Brooks. He's pretty funny.
(1:44:13) Yeah. See, you challenged him. You're fantastic. Please, keep talking. Do it. I want more. Encore. So, a little bit about myself, putting work aside. I grew up playing, like doing different kinds of martial arts, getting my ass kicked. And I do think that plays a lot into building your character as well. Learning how to not always, like it's only natural to seek comfort.
(1:44:40) And for the longest time, we had to do that, and nature would put us at balance. Now you can kind of go overboard, and it's never satiated. You can go as far as you want.
(1:44:55) So the fact that you when you play a martial art for example and you get hit you come back you can't walk one day or you hit someone else or you notice how your emotions are triggered or how they're not triggered. It plays a big role in how fast you grow at that age. We're friends, friends. Yeah, no, no heat. Uh, um, can you shed more, more color on your company? How big sales are last year? So we get a scale. So it's not a public company. I'm not going to share numbers, but I'm just going to say it's doing, it's doing well.
(1:45:17) The figure is well, uh, yeah, we're doing well. We, uh, currently work. We have like over 3000 people, 3000 people. But if I found this have over 3,000 people in the company. But if I found this number at Google, is it okay to pronounce it? You can, but you won't find it in Google. You must have heard it from Jonas.
(1:45:33) No, no, Google, pure Google. Forget about Jonas. Jonas will not survive, you know, airport entrance if he told me, you know. I think I can add some insight onto the scope of our our right 30,000 people 3,000 3,000 people IT company yeah so we have 3,000 people on board from over 44 nations so our working languages in English obviously wherever we work we're working with locals I can speak multiple dialects of Arabic if I can call it a dialect. It sounds familiar that I'm talking about.
(1:46:07) And yeah, things are going well. Right. So who can do the math? We have many IT companies here. Vitaly, 3,000 people, IT company. You do infrastructure? What do you do? Infrastructure projects? Hardware, software. Hardware, software. Did you do calculation? Vitalyik how much turnover three to five hundred million and he didn't do google is he right he's good he's good and you know why he comes from pure dictatorship country they learn they teach them hard way if Віталій, це такий шоу від кувейтського країни. Вони навчають їх чимось важким. Якщо він зробить рішення, він в проблемі.
(1:46:47) Він дає одне відповідь, і це відповідь правильна. І не важливо, чи ти з Кувейта чи ні. Він має лише один шот. Так він тренувався з дитинства. Назвати це травмою, адвантажем, але він правильний. Віталій, гарний шот. give a shot to Vitaly because you saved Jonas. Otherwise he was in trouble. Even in Qatar, he's in trouble.
(1:47:12) Now let me ask you impolite question. I also heard from Google that beside IT companies, your family runs multiple businesses. Can you give us some color and I'll ask someone else to define what the sales you know it's a joke but so in short I guess a recent venture of mine was into the FMB industry opened my first restaurant alone without a conglomerate or group of people without a group of investors and I think it's a super I play a super business critical role I have a partner who designs the menu she also does some of the cooking and I think it's a super, I play a super business critical role. I have a partner who designs the menu.
(1:47:46) She also does some of the cooking, and I definitely just eat and judge. Very, very complimentary. Which one you like most? The eating and judging. Yeah, right. Yeah, and we also are involved in like monobrands and multibrands as well. You also run a real estate company? A real estate company? No. Construction? No. No? В предприятии? Нет.
(1:48:05) В конструкции? Нет. Вы не работаете? Нет. Вы делаете машины? Нет. Нет. Как вы, возможно, поняли, этот парень полностью подозреваем. Но, извините, Ахмат, почему? Он был шокирован сегодня латинским паспортом. И теперь он просто боится, что он вы's just afraid, revealing everything his family does. But if you approach him, you will learn a lot, that the family does a lot.
(1:48:32) And I'm very grateful to welcome such an eloquent personality. I believe that if you are IT, in IT, it doesn't matter from where you are Belarus or Kuwait you are an intelligent person But what you impressed me today that you could challenge Brooks in Eloquence and it gives me a good hope That not only Brooks is a center player.
(1:49:01) We have a whole team of eloquent personalities in the club. Thank you very much for coming and now a very important gift from us a golden pin yeah a golden pin of changer club that brings luck that turns your company from 500 million to 5 billion wear it every day and it will happen believing is the most important. Let's give an applause.
(1:49:29) Now, I don't see our friend, itshack. Where is itshack? Who knows where is itshack? Nobody knows where is itshack. Itshack is here. Itshack is not here. One, two, three. Itshack is gone with the wind. Okay, now we go for a break. And after the break, we continue with the startup presentation, announce new members remember that especially our guests from the middle east require your attention talk to them cherish them pay them attention and believe that this connection is special because we push each other from plateau thank you very much and nobody goes home thank you so where are our friends from germany huh
(1:50:37) we are here yes hello good evening good hello. Good evening. Good evening, gentlemen. It's a pleasure to see both of you. Could you introduce yourself one by one? I would propose that the supervisory board, Christian, myself start and then the Evocare team and then they do the presentation. Christian, myself, start, and then the Evocare team, and then they do the presentation.
(1:51:07) Christian, you want to start? Yes. Can you see me, Arkady? Good evening. I hope Jonas is also here. I heard he was mentioned before. So best regards from Evocare. So Jan Stenger and me are supervisory board members, and then Dr. Kohn and Dr. Hein will present. So I'll just shortly about myself. I'm 25 years working as a telecom and high-tech industry, 13 years consultant with McKinsey and Carney.
(1:51:34) Then I spent five years in Moscow, in Russia. I was the top management from MTS, mobile telesystems. And since 2015, I worked eight years in Qatar as a group management committee member in Orido and chief procurement officer. And seven years ago, I had the foresight and the judgment to hire Jonas Rollo, whom you all know, from Amazon to Orido.
(1:51:58) I was his direct boss and Jonas developed excellently. And I think it's a big benefit also for change our club Middle East that he is with you and another big thing three years ago I had the foresight and judgment to start in to invest in evil care as a leading healthcare platform in Germany and Europe and it's a benefit for you all that you will hear this presentation today and you also will have a chance to invest into evocare as in the scale-up situation now christian thank you thank you very much let's
(1:52:34) give an applause to christian um yeah quick one on my side jan janschreger i'm also in the supervisory board uh no christ Christian from my Carney times, have led the high-tech business of AT Carney globally. I have done 120 due diligence in my life for private equities and venture capitalists.
(1:52:56) So I know, let's say, scale-ups in terms of due diligence very well. When I looked at EvoCat, it was interesting because it was the first scale-up I've seen in my life, which has got a monopolistic situation. It's the only one in the European market and German market was that set up with license. They will explain that situation.
(1:53:19) I've had my own cloud startup in 2000 with investment from 3i, the biggest venture capitalist in that time. Since that developed 15 companies with 3000 Capitalist in that time and since that developed 15 companies with 3,000 employees. So we support with scale up know how Evocare and Evocare is I would say not anymore really a startup, it's more a scale up. It's a spin off from Siemens and 20 million already invested and Mr.
(1:53:37) Cohen and Mr. Hein can explain in detail. Thank you very much. And before we go to startup, one remark which I like. It's probably during the last two and a half years, first Western executive and investor who boldly admitted that he worked in Russia.
(1:54:09) Russia and regardless our attitude to the political situation to have bold balls bold whatever to have something bold and to admit the work history is something really admirable let's give an applause to Christian for that but giant placebo wow for that you might be expelled from Germany for good, you know, persona non grata. I mean, the tech sector is anyway amazing what happened in Russia.
(1:54:35) Now I'm not commenting on the situation, of course. It's time to look at startup. Yes, my name is Achim. Short introduction from my side. founder of the company of course and before founding business development of siemens medical solution and i want to thank excellent performance to activate the audience thank you Okay, so now it's me. My name is Ralf Pohnen. I'm co-owner and co-founder of the company, just now CEO of the company.
(1:55:39) I've been working more than 30 years in healthcare, international healthcare. I've not been working in Russia, but in China for a of years for the building up the business there for New Orleans so actually it's my pleasure now to introduce Evocare and what we are doing in Germany and meanwhile also in other countries and yeah so I don't know what I have to do right now if I need to chair share my screen I see that there is a the presentation can I just yeah I can okay so actually evocare as Christian already said is a healthcare platform for digital treatment.
(1:56:30) But actually what I want to explain is that we are revolutionizing actually the way of therapy can be done. So the normal way of doing therapy is the face-to-face therapy. And that is actually what we are changing with our telephysio. That is what we are doing. It's actually a teladoc on another level. It's Teladoc for therapists.
(1:57:08) So, and having said this, this is actually revolutionizing, as I said, the therapy because we can treat many, many more patients as in the classical face-to-face situation. And you see that there are roughly 10 billion doctors visits in a worldwide. And there are a couple of players that you probably know like Teladoc and some others that are occupying this market.
(1:57:44) Actually, we are on the physiotherapist market on the therapist markets as as of now we are alone so um actually the the markets are a little bit comparable because it's six billion therapy visits worldwide in this market so it's really a significant business and if you look into the the market worldwide I you can see this you can read yourself but I would like to focus only on the other on the left column so the german market is uh is a market where you can see three million therapies are uh are done per year and it's uh
(1:58:38) it's a raven it's a huge revenue and a double digit growth so therefore it is a market which is very interesting and a market very interesting to be in especially right now because we have we have a lack of physiotherapists in this market. So what Jan Stenger already said is our USP or worldwide USP is that evocare digital therapy has been approved and it was approved because it's equivalent to traditional treatment and all the treatments are reimbursed by insurances so the payment is guaranteed state guaranteed and this is a let's say part of the social law in nearly all mature
(1:59:36) countries and so that means that using the evoca platform combines reimbursement, so guaranteed payment with efficiency boost. So next slide, you can see something about our efficiency. so actually what uh uh what henry ford did uh with when he built a thin lisi so he he built let's say a production line uh for the thin lizzy uh but what we are doing we are producing patients more or less in the same way and um that means um less in the same way and that means when you look to the to the right hand side if you just look the the comparison of the two different colored columns so the green ones is actually the
(2:00:38) working time of physiotherapists and the blue ones are therapy units that are given by the therapist. And what you can see here, over time, when you introduce this methodology, there is an efficiency boost of more than 10. So with this methodology, more than 10 times of the patients can be treated. So next slide.
(2:01:10) I have a little bit to puzzle around here with the slides because I only see this very, very small. So telephysio, what does it mean? I just want you to concentrate on the bolts so it's actually transforming the sk industry so solving main problems that are demographic driven and what we see is worldwide is is a shortage of professionals and we can compensate this professionals and we can compensate this. We can make therapy short-term available actually anytime, anywhere and by this we can eliminate any supply gaps. And what
(2:01:54) is also very important, we have an ultra-wide field of application areas because the therapy is reimbursed by all insurances in all sectors in all indications. So it's not only about orthopedics, it's also about cardiac, it's about pulmonary diseases, it's about oncology and so forth, neurology. It can be applied to inpatient and outpatients, it can be applied in prevention, in acute rehabilitation, after care care and of course at home um so next slide and so oh just a second so uh so something about the business model so there is a clear ample like uh i don't i think
(2:02:52) you know this clear revenue stream so the national existing healthcare provider system becomes actually our sales machinery because they are demanding for therapy. So clinics, doctors, practices and care. We can, we participate in every patient that we treat by a revenue split 50 50. And the maximum maximum patient access is actually also creating a global therapy database which is really used and a out part services with those we can analyze data suggest therapy personal treatment plans and so forth excuse me now for interrupting we don't see that good slide I don't see it I
(2:03:44) don't know if the audience can see what you are presenting all right let me see i think this is not now it works yes okay okay Okay. So that was the slide I was talking to.
(2:04:42) So regarding the efficiency and the revenue stream that we generate so i think i'm going directly to the next slide because otherwise we are um we are a bit in a mess regarding the the timing so just i need to can you see this? All we do. All right. I click through it. So, okay. Show us revenues, guys. Show us revenues. So, revenues per unit. is 27.80 euro so the costs are very low i think you have to go to the slide before because before yes yes because that's a key one with a big margin the problem is that i cannot see it really properly just click back maybe yes click one slide back one slide guys don't worry it's small Yes. One slide.
(2:05:27) Guys, don't worry. It's small challenges on your path to Unicorn. Yes. Here we are. All right. So that is showing the profitability. So the revenues per unit, the cost per unit, and our profitability, which is more than 70%, and the number of units per year in Germany. So the addressable market is 300 million therapy units per year in Germany alone.
(2:06:08) That's a 2780 is what the insurance companies are paying for every prescribed person. Maybe he has 12 prescriptions and that's that's income. Exactly. Exactly. So I go to the I go to the next slide. So the revenue potential in Germany, I want just to focus on this because it makes clear what kind of potential is in it.
(2:06:42) First of all, I have to say there's a massive demand from the market and why is this there's a lack of 50 000 therapists expected in 2025 there are therapy waiting lists in therapy practices of 8 to 12 weeks and there are there are already practices that don't take any more patients because they are completely full.
(2:07:28) assume that five percent of the therapy patient will use telephysio in year three then of course you will see a rapid ramp up of sales in Germany so actually the benchmark in Germany is so that you can see that the we are not dreaming it's it a relative, really realistic view on this and with the potential even to grow more.
(2:07:50) 20% of the doctors are actually using Taylor services in Germany and 25% of doctor practices are offering Taylor. So we are only talking about 5% of therapy patients. So, to compare it to the US in the US, 85% of the doctor practices are offering Taylor. So, and that you can see here Taylor doc, for example, they actually are.
(2:08:25) Already on a level of 3Billion dollar revenue in a year. And you see what they have raised and where they where they landed after the IPO. So, next slide, I just click through it so that you can read and everything. Advance so, some regarding the kpis i think there wasn't yeah so um so the kpis of our evocare group today perhaps you you first look a little bit down down to the left side so the Evocare holding consists on a couple of daughters so which is the advocate telemedicine in Germany the advocate gmbh in Austria we do have a joint venture which is not living at this point in time we are just in
(2:09:26) initiating it in china a living joint venture in japan where we already have a contract with tokyo marine one of the biggest private insurances in japan and the evocare taylor has limited in UK. So the, the operational ramp up is exponentially. So, during the last 2 months, we, we doubled the number of patients on the platform.
(2:09:56) The, the bookings. including IBOCARE Japan are 73 million euro and from these already contracted so absolutely secured revenues for the next year in the DACH region is 22 million cash revenue in 23 was 2 million with an EBITDA of a minus of two million two hundred thousand dollar so we do have right now two million common shares on the on the market so to speak and the last share price was 14 euro 50 and actually what we need and what we are pitching for is a cap need to bridge, actually to really operationalize the number of contracts that we have.
(2:10:58) The cap need is 1.5 million euros. So I would like to add, Dr. Kohn, that we've got three venture capital funds, venture capital C round, I'm not talking about A or B, but C rounds, which normally invest above 10 million. So they all three offered 15 million euro and they're interested to invest later the next year when we hit the numbers because we did real turnover last year 2 million their KPI requirement is around about between three and five million Euro turnover we can achieve round about four this year also with this cash injection the company has 15 employees we've
(2:11:41) got just in Germany 21 million euro contracted volume of patients. And we have to onboard this business, execute this business to put it step by step into the turnover. So we've got these three funds lined up. They are very, very big B2B scale up funds, which are between venture capital C and private equity round.
(2:11:58) And they have already verbally committed. Even one person is now an advisory board member who wants to support the company this year that into his premium he can walk uh begin of next year and we execute this uh 15 million euro turn on the investment in the financial capital pitch so that's the additional info on the financial planning so yeah that was it thank you very much for listening. Let's give applause to the guys.
(2:12:30) Now, can I get this brave Russian man who speaks Russian to talk to me a little bit? The Christian boy. Where is he? Yes, of course. Hello, comrade. Christian, it's a pleasure to see you. Thank you. I have a question to you imagine you are in moscow and you know how it is in moscow i hope you remember people don't allow a lot of talk you have just two minutes you have potential investors like here 100 people and in two minutes can you explain what is ever care and why we should invest in it two minutes can you explain what is Evocare and why we
(2:13:06) should invest in it two minutes yes yes shoot so Evocare is the only one with the physiotherapy in Europe it's in an it's a great margin 70% margin 80% margin business it's growing but they need cash injection to grow even more Но они нуждаются в инъекциях для того, чтобы увеличить их. Сейчас компания стоит 27 миллиардов.
(2:13:28) Если будет IPO в 3-5 лет, мы думаем, что это будет 300-500 миллиардов. Потому что увеличение возможно. И это будет. Мы нуждаемся в ваших фондах. Ваши деньги? Да. Можете ли вы помочь нам понять больше о продукте, кроме слова физиотерапевт? Что это? Где вы вставляете эту физиотерапию? Где? В каком месте? Как это работает? Да.
(2:13:56) В основном, если у вас есть проблемы с рукой, вы идете к доктору, вы получаете предупреждение, скажем, 12 сессий, вы идете к физиотерапевту, он это делает все в личном с вами. 12 раз. Вы идете туда каждую неделю и это делаете. prescription, let's say 12 sessions, you go to the physiotherapist, he's doing it all in person with you. So 12 times, you go there every week and you do it.
(2:14:12) So what is now this platform allowing? You go there the first time and then you do the exercises at home. Then you do it at home. You are filmed with your phone, with a pad they give you with your tablet. And then the physiotherapist is watching at only five minutes instead of 30 minutes. So that's a scale gain of factor six. He can also watch it at night.
(2:14:33) He can give you then feedback if everything goes well. So you have a great increase of this. And what I call also the golden goose, the same is happening also in the old care home. So you have 1M old people only in Germany in the old care homes on average 200. Many have issues, they get prescriptions, they cannot go to the doctor.
(2:14:56) What is happening is that evil care has a program. to have also tablets in the old care homes and then someone gets signed up and then in the morning a person is coming hello mrs miller it's your time she gets a pet she's doing the exercises for half an hour then the pet is handed on to the to the lady next door and each time evil care gets 27 euros for this and the person gets more healthy and has also, if needed, a contact with a physiotherapist or for one session it's not. These old care homes are also now saying if we are the only ones with the product, we are more modern than the others. So it's already they want it.
(2:15:43) the magic is what you call last time, Arkady, that the outcome after this 12 sessions or 20 sessions, whatever you have, is similar to the in-person physio, which you have now. But the outcome is similar. There have been clinical studies for many years. It's approved in Germany. And if it's approved in Germany, you all know it's very thorough.
(2:16:01) It works. And it's the case. And therefore, basically, you have the magic that for the same input you get much, much more paid as a company. And EvoCare is the first one and gets a share of it. A big share. Fantastic. Now let me push some questions. I want to ask a question. One of our members who is developing a product called mirror mirror mirror Tell us more with tali about your product and most importantly how you see this ever care Operate what do you think tell us first of all introduce who you are?
(2:16:39) Thank you. I got it My name is Vitaly. I'm the owner of a service service company running right now of 300 engineers working mostly with the U.S. market. And as a part of the services, we are delivering mostly the cutting-edge solutions, mostly related to AI and whatever we call it right now in terms of the cutting-edge.
(2:17:00) So the question is probably to formulate here and to ask, and actually the product, which Arkady mentioned, we did as a fitness mirror, which actually tracks the body movement of the particular person in order to say if the person is performing the exercises in front of the mirror correct or not correct, depending on the particular patterns which has been already recorded.
(2:17:33) So and as a part of that, we actually developed the platform which can say on any kind of a pattern movements if the person is behaving according to the pattern or misbehave. So the question is probably what kind of solution you use within your platform, how adaptable it is right now, and what kind of the skeleton part it could attract.
(2:18:09) Sorry, one question with three pieces. Yeah, I think that's for our Dr. Hein, Dr. Kohn and you're on that one. So how I understand it, I'm not so deep is I would assume to be fair that from the technology, you might be deeper with this because we already signed up an agreement with a company in Singapore also to do this AI and movement and so on, which can be built in, which would give an additional boost because right now the therapist needs to check it and look for five minutes. If this part would be done by AI, you have an additional boost, which is not
(2:18:44) there. So if your product would be combined with our product it would be even much more efficient but the advantage is our product is licensed in in germany and europe and therefore we have an advantage so i'm just very open if you would go and do the clinical test which evocare did it would take you three years and then probably evocare has hopefully with your help, conquered a big part of the market.
(2:19:08) But it's seven years. So it took seven years even. So the normalized process in Germany is seven years. So that is seven years, you see. So it was even before I went and supported the company. So that's my answer. But now from the technical side, please, Dr. Hein, Dr. Conant, from your side, please. So just to call a small thing here.
(2:19:29) Physiotherapy in the U.S. could be qualified not as a medical intervention. And in this case, you don't need an FDA approval. But that's a different story. Yes, sorry about that. But that's a different story. Yes, sorry about that. Yeah, we are in Europe and working with getting the approval in Japan next year with our joint venture partner.
(2:19:52) So, US, we are not there yet. It's a different market and we know there are a lot of private companies and people pay themselves. We are there. it's regulated with the insurance this is where we are strong but now please to my colleagues over here yeah actually just in addition christian to japan japan is comparable healthcare system to germany and actually the the approval process process there will be comparable right and what is our philosophy right now or at this point in time is that we have the medical professional in the center and the medical
(2:20:26) professional is looking at the exercises as you explained when you're doing your exercises uh there are there are small videos for for 15 20 seconds that are are shot from from the patients and that is enough for an experienced physiotherapist to uh to judge if the the the the exercise has been done right or wrong but what is what is even much more important is that people that are at home and doing their therapy at home due to the fact that there is a human being on the other side so to speak even that he's not there all the time or so,
(2:21:07) the compliance is very, very well. So, and that is something that is very important. I mean, we do have a compliance of more than 80%. So, more than 80% of the prescribed exercise are done by the patient, which is very important for the recovery on the one hand side and for the reimbursement on the other hand side as well.
(2:21:29) So that and having said that, our technical system is so flexible that we can, of course, build in other things. as you said christian we are already developing uh movement control that will will monitor the movement of the patient and and give feedback to the patient if we if we did it correctly or wrong but again i mean as we are in a regulated environment As we are in a regulated environment with only with AI right now, you won't get a reimbursement in Germany and in the most other Western European Union.
(2:22:14) No way. We won't. Fantastic. It's about the commercial. I think one major difference as well to the very good comments from the colleague here, the audience. It's a totally different sales model. So Evocare has chosen a B2B2C model. So we're not doing B2C. So the largest physio chain with 800 locations in Germany, it's the number one in the market of all chains. They've chosen Evocare and they're rolling out Evocare into each location. So it's a hybrid approach.
(2:22:46) These guys implement Evocare in their brick and mortar on-site therapy locations and roll it out into these 800 locations. This is not done by Evocare itself. They're not doing an acquisition location per location. They're not going into the consumer market and marketing with 20 million euro, whatever, some kind of technical solution to the end customer.
(2:23:08) Evocare is just approaching very big clinics and clinic chains, mainly clinic chains and physio chains and elderly people chains. They have normally 50 to 100 locations, are market leading and they select the Evo care and then they roll it out so we are more delivering the shot the shovels to dig the gold let's say and to make use of teletherapy that's the big difference thank you very much you have a question from the sharpest angel investor can Changer Club.
(2:23:46) Before Brooks, can I ask one more question just for the sake of my understanding? Yeah, sure. Yeah, just very, very simple one. So did I get it right? So this is a telehealth platform which actually records what person is doing in front of the camera and then allow doctor to review what person did and then make the informative decision about what to do next with the patient absolutely correct yeah that's exactly what we do or what the platform does but but you know it takes you five minutes but it's 20 to 30 minutes of exercise that's understandable okay and
(2:24:29) it's a and it's a patented so the the whole the whole setup and the technology and the process houses is a patented system now Brooks broke shoot your question and we move on shoot yeah I've two questions. Of course you are. The first question is when I I understand what you're trying to do. It's just that I have a hard time believing that it's going to be successful.
(2:24:56) Physiotherapy needs an individual to manipulate. the point of physiotherapy if you are trying to pitch the idea that it's a combination of physical physiotherapy and then over the next week you do stuff remotely I could understand that but from the beginning to the end to do it all remote needs a complete change in culture and thinking.
(2:25:27) And a lot of your customers, I'm assuming also, won't be young, dynamic, tech-savvy people. They're going to be old people who generally aren't going to even understand how to use an iPhone or a tablet or whatever for you to do what you do. So that's my first question. My second question is a mathematics one it looks like and if i'm wrong tell me you're raising one and a half million euros to increase your revenues effectively net by half a million so you're raising you're taking in one and a half and your revenues are going from two to four so that's what we don't
(2:26:07) we don't know we are we we're more than double or is that one and a half enable you to continue to leverage that growth in years two three and four exactly that that that is the answer to question two. Yeah, that's exactly the case. Because our problem, let me say, let me phrase it like this, at this point in time is that we don't have enough personnel to really operate or to really work upon all the customers we already have on the chain.
(2:26:47) all the customers we already have on the chain so that that's regarding question two question one you're completely right so uh so that is what what's what happens uh in in the practices so in most of the cases a hybrid approach so first first appointment in in the practice and then patients go home and do do their exercises remote or remotely but there are also some uh that are that that are doing a first date so to speak a first appointment via video and then do the remote training both uh both is possible and uh third point in your in your question one is it's not young only young
(2:27:28) people so we do have many many people that are clearly between 60 and 75. so and and meanwhile this generation is able to use to use an iphone or a pad to do the exercises so um yeah that in a nutshell the answers to your question i hope i think you're also we have developed this evocare pad which is also sent to patients they can use it and one interesting story is there are there are hospitals big hospitals who do hip operations with customers.
(2:28:07) They are there for one a week or two and then they are sent home. They go to small villages. There is no physiotherapist. So they get started with this physio, evocare method in the hospital. And then they take this evocare pet or the other method and continue at home. And this is also a big part that they get heavy operations and then continue.
(2:28:27) And otherwise these people would have no nowhere because there's a waiting list of 12 weeks and then there is no one. So there are many people and also old people who take it and have taken it in the history of EvoCare. Yes. In the patient list were finished and are still going on. the patient list were finished and are still going on interesting one additional to the uh to the financial question i mean the one option is the uh larger investment and then really scaling into europe and the asia business uh strong
(2:29:00) strongly in the future the other option is fact factoring. So because we get these recipes, so we've got private recipes and public insurance-based recipes. The point is, of course, when you start, for instance, 10 exercises and you do this over three or five or six months, then the payment is after six months. There's a delay in payment. This is the main challenge of the business model.
(2:29:23) All the other stuff is easier, but the main challenge is the payment of the cash flow. So we've got now one factoring company who says, hey, it's great. There are recipes. These recipes have a value. It's by the state guaranteed the money. So we can base our factoring offer on these recipes.
(2:29:41) So if this contract runs through in the next month, then eventually we don't need any more venture capital because then it's like a bank loan and we finance the ramp up of the patients and that we have to start it. And we have got upfront costs until we get the reimbursement. So this factoring solution could swap. the venture capital injection and we perhaps don't need to dilute and give shares anymore away so that's at the end the plan but to to go to that point i think still two three four months are needed and nevertheless we want to hit this five million turnover and we've got this 21 million
(2:30:16) euro waiting and we've got large clinics and they're all desperate and the problem is we don't want to make them unhappy that the onboarding is happening next year. So we want to we have got this 21 million euro contracted by the MDs, the directors of big clinics, we want to make them happy and start the onboarding.
(2:30:33) Normally, every clinic location, they put normally like 100 patients per month into the EvoCast system. And it's like a guarantee. So they estimate the number, they signed a contract with Dr. Konan, and then next month the onboarding is starting and then they ramp it up to 100 patients per month. And normally we've seen this over the last two years, the clinics stick to the numbers.
(2:30:57) So they don't fall below, sometimes they do double, but when they agree 100 patients per month after surgery and so on, they really bring these patients per month. So this has worked out so far. Final question to Leo. Leo, shoot. Hello. I understand the problem of medical care professional deficit all over the world pretty well.
(2:31:20) Still, do your customers know that physician will watch only six minutes of the whole exercise? And would it be fair to charge just one sixth, not the whole price in this case? Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, clear. Good question. But actually, what we did is, and I think that was explained by Christian in the very beginning, we did a lot of studies and actually the payment is outcome based.
(2:31:52) So we do have the same outcome as with the classical face-to-face methodology. And the patient is exercising not only five minutes, he's exercising 20 or 30 minutes. So that is all the same. The only change is the supervisory time. So we help actually the medical professionals to spread their time to many more patients who do the same and have the same outcome.
(2:32:24) Therefore, at this point in time, the reimbursement is the same. Yes, maybe in five years, in 10 years, the German insurance will have pressure on UK. And they say, we reduce it on average. But up to now, guys, we all want to make money. We have to milk it out until it's there. And this is how we get paid at the moment.
(2:32:41) And it's such a small fraction of the market that it might not change for many years to come hopefully yeah fantastic let's give an applause next week we'll have a zoom to more detailed discussion now let's move on our show because time is running and the bar is waiting before we conclude our beautiful, I have two special persons I want to invite on stage. And one of them is particularly close to my heart. His name is Martin.
(2:33:12) Martin, come on stage. Let's give an applause. yeah microphone yeah yeah yeah she is giving you a wrong wrong wrong sticks exactly yeah she wants to give you something but she keep giving you something wrong right hello yeah it's a pleasure to see you yeah how many how many months we missed you 12 fish 12 fish fish i think two years oh yeah it's been quite some time what happens in your life during these two years brooks look what happened to people who miss us for two years tell us roughly a high level where have you been in terms of depth exactly I regained
(2:34:07) focus during these two years because I was doing a lot of serial things before and now I'm focusing on one thing so right right I took my time to focus yeah fantastic you will become also politician maybe in Lithuania now what is this focus now? Factoring. Factoring. Yes, lending. Lending. And how big is the business? Now it's sub 10 million portfolio.
(2:34:32) And what's the goal is? 30, 50, couple of, two, three years. 30, 50, couple of two years. When you will launch in Dubai? I'm actually thinking about it. We had a great discussion with one colleague from yes summer yes somewhere yeah so if you launch uh you know uh arcadia five percent you know that's that's my son wasn't it ten percent no no ten it was before before i was whipped by um you know brooks now it's five but uh for those who don't know and don't remember martin's his story uh very inspiring for many years he was leading uh finnish company right the i think what was the
(2:35:13) name tieto yeah unpronounceable finnish company what's the turnover global a billion well it's 24 000 people now 24 000 people huge i.t,000 people, huge IT company. So he was a head of operations in Lithuania, right? Yeah, in Lithuania. Well paid? Okay. What triggered you to drop this well paid job, become an entrepreneur? Corporate bullshit.
(2:35:40) Wow. How much bullshit did you get before you made this decision? We usually played bingo with bullshit. So it was three on three table. Right. Then you ticked every meeting if it matched or not. Yeah. Like leverage the potential or. Leverage who? Potential. Wow. It's a very important phrase. Right. Or matrix organization, another one yeah potential yeah so people understand him exactly in my opinion one of the strongest fintech entrepreneurs in the baltics this is very important especially for our members who are fed up with serious stuff we just want to
(2:36:20) drink and believe it or not in couple of years this guy will hit our stage in dubai with something really big when he will talk about hundreds and hundreds of millions and i'm very pleased martin just back because the old love is the best love exactly you agree brooks even though you're sleeping but you should let's give an applause to martin and the most important even though you're sleeping, but you should. Let's give an applause to Martin.
(2:36:44) And the most important, the gold, you put it here, and all the girls in Vilnius are yours. Deal, thank you. Now, the most important guy who comes on top of everyone. David, come on stage. Thank you very much for coming. Thank you, thank you, thank you very much for coming David I don't think I'm the most important one no no you are because the last one is a person who is remembered oh wow what a pleasure you are Spanish right? I am from Spain yes I was born and raised in Madrid.
(2:37:25) You know, it's such an honor. First Spaniard in our group. It's fantastic. Let's give an applause. This is so good. Geography grows. You know, I told your wife today that you're a great husband, then we had some issues. But still, why you are great? What do you think? Why am i great yeah leo is interested i i don't know if i'm that great um i know okay yeah why do you think i'm great i won't tell i want you to go okay um we call it the ego massage i see i see you're putting me a bit in the spot. Yes. I try to combine technology, so I'm very focused on software.
(2:38:13) Right. I've been a software engineer for a long time. How long? Full-time, I think, 14 years, 12, 14 years. But I started as a designer actually I was started as a graphic designer right and then I stopped I started learning teaching myself how to write code right and eventually I made the jump but that took years so in total I've been writing code for the last 20 years as mama Mia let's give an applause voluntary written not poems not music but the code which Así que en total he estado escribiendo código durante los últimos 20 años. ¡Mamma mia! ¡Déjame aplaudir!
(2:38:46) Voluntariado, no poemas, no música, sino el código, lo cual es mejor que música y poema combinado, al menos lo que me dijo Leo una vez. Ahora, ahora estás en la fase de algo muy interesante en términos de AI. ¿Puedes explicarnos qué es esto? Sí, por supuesto. Especialmente para Mauricio. Claro. Es muy interesante. ¿En español? Sí, hazlo en español. what this is. Especially to Mauricio. He's very interested. Yes.
(2:39:06) In Spanish? Yeah. Do it in Spanish. That would be good. . Okay. I'll do it in English and then we talk in Spanish later, right? Yeah, cool. So, what I'm building, I started building my own business roughly a year ago and I built a basically an image generation product that uses generative AI to allow people to allow my customers to generate their dream images basically so you enter a description is something like maybe something like mid journey Somebody here might be familiar with that.
(2:39:48) Mid-journey, stable diffusion, maybe DALI from OpenAI. You enter a description of what you want to see in the description field. And then the AI and an AI model will generate an image for you. So it's really creative, it's a really nice way of combining technology with creativity.
(2:40:10) I have customers writing to me, giving me feedback that they are excited because it's kind of also a bit... Are you charging money for it? Sorry? Are you charging money for it? Yes, it's subscription-based. And how the business is doing? Considering that it's still a side business, it's only one year old it's doing pretty good i'm very happy with uh with attraction and can you generate a picture of arcadi for uh brooks that he can carry it with him on his mobile phone i can't yeah we'll do it because he missed me the beauty is that you should be able to do that as well. Look at me, I'm incapable. All I can do is to tease Brooks.
(2:40:47) With the right product, the idea is that anybody would be able to do this and to be creative. Right, right. Can I ask you a historical question? Many of us like history. Brooks is now graduating from university. Maybe he will become bachelor, no master, no PhD, I'm sorry, I forgot. I have memory problems. In history, so you are Spaniard, yeah, right? Correct, yeah.
(2:41:13) Right, you probably remember that for 900 years Arabs ruled your country, you agree? Yes. You agree. So what kind of traits are Arabs left on Spanish character? Oh, a lot. Tell us. Top three. Top three. There's a lot of architecture. No, character, personality. Ah, character. Yeah, Arabs on Spanish character. Well, I think, to be honest, I think every culture surrounding the Mediterranean is very similar.
(2:41:42) Right. To be honest. And I think we are all brothers, to be honest. And I think that in particular, Arabs are very similar to Spanish. There's a lot of food, but there's also a lot of like passion and yeah. So what are you trying to say is that it's not them left an impression on you, but you left an impression on them? I think it's both.
(2:42:06) That's what I thought. Fantastic. It's a win-win situation. Yes, exactly. Let's give an applause. Excellent sense of humor. It's a pleasure to see you. Now, guys, let's look at the screen what will happen tomorrow once again. So tomorrow we have its hack. Tomorrow again. We have a hack tomorrow.
(2:42:31) At 11 o'clock in the morning, this brave man, who will teach us happiness, said that if after two hours of his training you will move happiness up to 2x, then you can call your support for several years of pushback. This is a guarantee of military service. then you can you could reclaim your membership for a couple of years ahead so it's a power guarantee after that we have race trace wreck porsche race track tracking whatever what's that do we have a picture on that yes no maybe yes no maybe of course p Porsche. Are we having a picture of Porsche? Race track? No Riga, Space Falafel.
(2:43:25) Can I see the picture on that? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Those are from Space Falafel in the cool Mediterranean lounge bar where we want to celebrate a little bit opening of Changer Club Middle East. Yeah. And those of you who don't want to celebrate opening club Changer Middle East, don't want to celebrate opening club, change your Middle East, don't come.
(2:43:47) But then remember that when you want to come to the Middle East, we will remember this point by point. And your card, everybody will get a card, might not work to enter the session. So I strongly recommend you to sign up. Event is only for signing up, so if you missed it, talk to Julia. But otherwise, books, as usual, await you when you decide to leave this beautiful event, but there is no point to do it, because we still spend good time here.
(2:44:22) Thank you very much everyone, especially our guests from the Middle East, who took a very long journey to come here. I thank very much everyone, especially our guests from the Middle East who took a very long time journey to come here. I am very thankful for Andrei Pavlov who came from New Zealand. How crazy is that? I'm thankful to Brooks. I'm grateful to Leo for your insightful questions. I'm thankful to myself. Brooks reminded me about my trauma. It's so great to be traumatic.
(2:44:48) And then, what's so funny? I mean, it's okay. And then I'm thankful for one special thing. It's the first time In Riga, I have a feeling of an international club. It's been five years. We had this feeling already for a couple of years in Lausanne, in Amsterdam, in Barcelona, ​​but never in Riga. And probably it's a good sign that despite all obstacles, our international guests were brave enough to come to Riga.
(2:45:24) I know David enjoyed walking around with his fiance, a friend. And it gives us hope. It's my hometown that one day Changer returns to Riga, being proud. This whole full. And we would remember these good times this whole full and we would remember these good times when Changers started from Riga remember it was a good memory and understand that we came together for one purpose to push ourselves from the plateau see I am a good learner let's give an applause to everyone let's be pushed from plateau every day like it or not I'm a good student. Let's give everyone a round of applause.
(2:46:05) Let us get away from the plateau every day. Thank you very much. Add time for the next day. Do not forget that the hack starts at 11 o'clock. Z Towers. Ah, no, sorry, it's not Zee Towers anymore. This is no longer Zy. Now it is Sunda. because she is bad. And, by the way, when Anastasia is a poet, do you sing? She is a poet.
(2:46:33) Let's applaud this beautiful girl in the corner, Anastasia. Our participant is from Lissuenia, she will be a poet for us. Do you know how talented members of Changer are? So don't drink, or you won't remember. she will sing for us.
(2:46:46) You know how talented Changer members are? So don't get drunk, otherwise you won't remember. And now let's give an applause to Anastasia for singing for us. Usually I do this in the car, but change your club force to make changes. Moon river, wind and a mile, I'll cross you in style one day. Break her, your heart Break her, wherever you're going
(2:48:10) I'm following your way Two drifters Bound to see them all Such an adornment to see After their son Rainbow sin Rainbow sea Waiting by your side Like a very plain Thank you. I will be the only one I will be the only one I will be the only one I will be the only one
(2:49:28) I will be the only one I will be the only one I will be the only one I will be the only one I will be the only one I will be the only one I will be the only one I will be the only one I will be the only one I will sing a little bit in the Russian language for everyone who is forced to leave countries in this difficult time.
(2:50:00) Berries and lack of money there, berries I’m here without you Came out from the man where the lights, the heart, the ugly buzz I'm frying, I didn't let the roof off me I'm deforming you, but I don't know. Lass, the sky was mooning, it seemed true, I couldn’t stop talking about you, where you live, I began to sway before your eyes.
(2:50:48) Flying into the sky, I sometimes meet a wave. Honor is my vastness, This is my land, edge. Any edge is one, And left help I chew my dear wing I buried all good things, peaceful, free people I am light, but my heart was born in a wooded house Clays are wrinkled like hollows, like birds in the sky, The water has not subsided, the voice is callous, Glebe loudly doze off.
(2:51:33) Gonorg is my space, This is my homeland, land, native land, One and left help. I feel my wing giving birth, I feel bad for everything good, I feel help, I am glad to see my wings. All good things are bad, be peaceful, free people. How are you there without me, how am I here without you. Under a person’s joke, pull an ugly buzz in your heart.
(2:52:01) Pull the ugly buzz in your heart. I'm screaming with her at the sniffles, I'm disfiguring you, Only I give it to you. My ambition is sharp, this is my space, This is my homeland, my native land, Alone and left I help. I extend my dear wings, be good to everyone, Peaceful, free people. Thank you.
(2:53:17) If I lived in a dream, I'd ask you to dance, To time standing still just for you. Just for you And this I forget It's only a dream I picture your face All day through This life Smiling you like this me There's love smiling you unceasing Love has now unsleezed me, never let me be Make me forget about the horrors Lentur te va oros, et vex, et sens, et sens.
(2:54:37) Lest, last, I let you un-miss me Love is now unsleazy And never let me leave me If I lived a dream, I'd ask you to dance With just a dream, never once, never once. Thank you. It was very scary for me. Put us some boring music after Anastasia.
(2:56:14) Everything is boring, yeah? Silence is not good. DJ, where are you? Oh.
