We got into the mood, yeah? Many people think, what the hell we are doing here, you know? What's that? Is it a show? Is it New York? Is it Las Vegas? What's going to come? And the reality is, it's complicated, as it is with life. Because there are no days off in life. It's either business.

It's either health. It's either pleasure. Look at me.

I decided that I should combine all, you know? I have my birthday today, and I thought, give applause to me, by the way. I am this guy who invited you, for those who don't know. So if you are unhappy, come to me.

I take claims. Arkady is a Greek name, by the way. It also was a good joke.

But give me a few, yeah. So it's either pleasure, or business, or your body. There is nothing else, and there are no day off.

And I thought, how about combining business, pleasure, and body issues, here in Dubai. And I invited today, also from California. I don't know, something is American today, too much.

I see somebody is listening to me on the backstage. You know, I like when I'm listened. Thank you.

So I invited today, Sergei Young. Let's give an applause. Number one.

Longevity investor in the world. A very special guy. Why? Because I wanted someone to teach me.

I'm selfish, by the way. So, some of you. I thought, maybe Sergei will teach me how to live longer.

So I thought, what could be the best gift for my birthday? So I invited Sergei, and you are part of this game. Let's give an applause to Sergei. It was a long journey.

We will talk a lot about investments today. And these investments are smart. Because we will talk a lot about investments that will shape the future.

And we can take part of it. And it's amazing. We will talk a lot about pleasure.

You know, we will meet each other. There will be a lot of matchmaking. There will be a great show.

There will be gifts Sergei brought from California. His New York Times bestseller book. Give an applause to Sergei one more time.

For you. And before we go to the formal agenda, which is boring, I wanted to talk... Am I boring? It's okay. I want to talk a little bit about our club.

And I wanted to quote here Nassim Taleb. Those who don't know who is Nassim, I feel pity about you. You do Google who is Nassim.

But I like his concept about anti-fragility. And I think this is something we all need to think about now. We always thought that flexibility is good.

And what is flexibility? Flexibility basically means... By the way, house rules. No telephones. If you don't agree, you can leave.

No telephones for three hours, please. I know it's addiction. Telephones off, please.

What is anti-fragility? It's basically an antidote to flexibility. Flexibility pushes us to avoid problems. It pushes us to avoid risks.

It pushes us to avoid complexity. It pushes us to avoid losing money. And think about it.

When we avoid risky things... It's here, gentlemen. When we avoid risky things, are we progressing? Probably not. This is what exactly we do at Ginger Club.

We allow ourselves uneducated risks. Uneducated risks to learn from Sergey how to live till 200 years. How many people are not interested? Let's give an applause.

We will talk today about an amazing startup. The idea that is changing the way interfaces work. Imagine the keyboard in your computer.

Forget about it. You will hear something that will change the way you interact with digital devices in a completely new way. Don't invest.

We don't ask. Just open your mind to something that is really different. I want everyone tonight to take at least one idea back home that is controversial.

To ask yourself a question. Are you afraid to fail? Are you afraid to try something new? Are you afraid in your 50s... It's an average age of our members. I'm sorry.

I'm 47. I'm coming close to that. Are you afraid to see yourself doing a completely different job, business, industry? If you are not, you came to the right place.

Let's give an applause. When I was thinking about this talk, welcoming remark, I thought how Dubai connects to this anti-fragility concept. I thought, well, it's an ideal one.

40 years ago, what was here? Oil and desert. Few people believed that it could become Dubai, what we see today. With tourism inflow competing with Paris.

With the biggest port, Jebel Ali, that beaten Rotterdam in cargo volume. Who could believe that? And I want everyone to prepare for an applause to Royal Mahtoum family who made it work. It's about time.

And I see a few people who don't. You don't agree with me or what? Yeah, now it's a second attempt. Let's give more applause to this.

I still see one gentleman in front of me who doesn't. Okay, good. For the record, you know where it will go.

We are in the same business. But think about it. Think about it.

How many people believe that you can turn a desert into a new financial center? Into a place that European country. I just returned from Geneva. I spoke to the mayor.

He says, I want to go to Dubai to learn. You believe me? Let's give an applause to Geneva mayor. I want to go to Dubai to learn how to turn this boring city, which is dark at 4 o'clock.

There is nothing to do in Geneva. Trust me. Even with money.

Where the only light is in Louis Vuitton shop. It's true story. It's from Thursday.

What to do to attract tourists? I will come to Dubai to learn. Could you imagine this? This is exactly what we want to do in Changer Club. To disrupt your thinking.

To start believing, Mr. Young, that you can live to 200 years. And those who don't, think twice. Let's give an applause to Sergey.

And this is the only purpose of today's meeting. Our concept is very simple. We mixed in Changer Club the unmixable.

An intellectual endeavor to see the future. Investments in things that will change the world. And show that will make your mind shiver for at least a couple of days.

That's Changer Club. Give an applause to me. Now, we have a certain protocol that's boring.

But it still will push a few of you to get rid of your drug. Drug is a mobile phone. Otherwise, it's useless why you came here.

Most important thing for all of you is time. It's not money. It's time.

So spend it in a quality way. Our first part of the show is introduction of new members in Changer Club. So I wanted to start with that, if you don't mind.

New members are exceptional. So let's... Are we ready to start? Are we ready to start? Yes? Yes, are we ready to start? And if so, pay attention to these special people. Why? Because these people voluntarily decided two things.

Curiosity is more important than arrogance. You know, wealth and arrogance are two sisters. They are born in the same village.

They come together in one package. When you get rich, you think you are the best boy or girl in town. These people are not in Changer Club.

They are out somewhere. People here, they know that they don't know. And I am very proud today that I have an opportunity to welcome three new members of Changer Club from different countries.

And let's start with Fadi. So, Fadi, please join us. Thank you.

I can't stop applauding you. That's good. Because you're from Lebanon.

By the way, those who don't know, Paris of Middle East in the 70s. It will be coming back. Let's give an applause.

I have a question. What needs to be done that Paris is back again? I mean, Beirut. What needs to be done for Beirut? What do you think? Well, first, we have to get rid of all the people who are in the parliament.

Okay. Maybe we blow them. So, we need a bomb to take them off, right? I don't think they leave that easily.

But that will be first step. Okay. And then what else? Elect people who care about the country.

Number two. Let's give an applause. You know who is the next prime minister.

Come to me. I can organize appointment with him. And number three.

Just let the Lebanese do what they do best. Adapt to the situation and keep on doing business. So, that's what we're good at.

Fadi, don't get offended. Few of us know what is Lebanon. Give us some light.

What is Sakhali Group? I know that you are very successful in Lebanon. Give us some color. What is your business? The group started some 70 years ago in agriculture.

And evolved into a lot of other activities. Telecom in the U.S. eventually. Landscaping activities.

Construction materials. Contracting. We even make wine today in Lebanon.

And we export that. So, it's very diversified. And we've been involved with activities we exited from.

And we keep on trying new things. So, that's why we like new ideas. Let's give an applause.

A little hint. What's the turnover last year for the group roughly? Around 200. 200 million? Dollars.

American. Not pennies. American.

Let's give an applause. I also know that you have a charity foundation. True.

Could you tell us more? That's very important for us. Well, we organized a philanthropic activity. We used to do this in a disorganized way.

Let's say each one of the family members had some interest in something. So, we organized a philanthropic committee. To try to get the new generation interested in giving back.

So, that you don't learn this when you made your own money. But try to start realizing that giving back is important. So, we have a committee that basically has a fund.

That's partially funded from the business. But also, family members can join. And we get the family members to not just be involved in the decision making about where the money goes.

But to actually go and see where the money went. And the organizations and sometimes poor families that we're helping. To go and see how people are basically less fortunate than they are.

And that gives them a big, you know, open their eyes about how lucky they are. And teaches them to give back from an early age. Not only when they're adults.

Let's give an applause. Farid, a last torturing question to you. You are very often in Dubai.

What rulers of Dubai did right? Top three things to turn this place into paradise. In my opinion. Let's give an applause to me.

It's a paid advertising. Don't take it wrong. Well, first, they had one leader. 

One decision maker. I think it's very important in any organization. When you have somebody who has the authority to do something.

And the drive to do it. That's already a very big thing. Because you could have imagination, but not the means to execute.

Number one. Two, I think there was a vision of looking around and not seeing what you see in front of you. But seeing opportunity beyond what anybody could fathom.

And that's something quite unbelievable. Amazing. Number three.

Surround yourself with people who can make this happen. People who believe like you that this can be a reality. See, you have three topics now for a new Farid book.

How he will turn Beirut and Lebanon into a new Dubai. I'm very happy to have you in the club. And I hope for many years to come.

Farid, thank you for coming. Thank you. See, that's important.

That's important. Okay, we're not done. Let me have one more new member here.

William, I hope he's around. William, are you here? I love your applause machine. Come closer. 

I don't bite. That's good. I have a vacation.

What brought you to Dubai? What do you think? Roughly. High level. Love. 

Option one. What's my other options? Two. A lot of love.

Money. Okay, well, it's similar to Farid's point. Replacing the parliament.

I'm from Ireland, so we have similar issues with our government. I think what's happening in the UAE is visionary. It's a great place to live. 

It's super safe. We just had an eight-week-old daughter. We just had a baby girl a couple of weeks ago.

There's no better place to raise a child. That's very important for us. And also, the opportunity.

There's a great opportunity in Dubai right now. Sounds very nice. Let's give an applause now.

What do you do here for a living? I am the general manager for a technology company that specializes in customer experience. It's actually the largest one in the world. What's the turnover? The turnover in terms of revenue last published was 1.7 billion.

Let's give an applause. 1.7 billion guy on stage. That's not bad.

Now, you're Irish, right? I am indeed. Dublin is not doing bad as well in terms of economy lately. You agree? Yes, I agree.

What do you think Ireland should learn from Dubai? Top three things. You have one second to think. That's enough.

It's actually all I need. But that's okay. An investment in the citizens.

When you look at the citizen experience that is in place for not just the actual citizens but also tourists. That experience, the healthcare, the infrastructure doesn't really exist in many other places in the world. So that is something that Ireland can essentially learn from and a lot of other countries internationally.

Fadi raised a very difficult question. He said, look, democracy has an issue. One ruler, one decision maker, fast. 

What do you think about it? You have three seconds. That's a more difficult question, I know. Fadi is not asking easy topics.

He's not raising easy stuff. I think if you have the right people making decisions in power, things seem to run quite well. If you look at the UAE, the decisions have been made accurately and in great stead, I would say, compared to other countries.

Are you for or against? It's my politically correct answer. I'm Ireland or Switzerland. Remember, you need to do the border cross-check soon.

I'm neutral. Are you for or against? Please, think twice. For the record, please delete it.

Let's give an applause. Politically correct answers are good. Today, you're general manager of a large tech company.

When do you become an entrepreneur? What do you think? When? Give me a date. When? There is no one in Chaser Club from the corporate world who joined us without the aim to become an entrepreneur. I'm asking when.

Give me a date and we will follow. Yesterday, I already was. That's what you do when you get into tech.

You're usually entrepreneurial in your mindset anyway. Let's give an applause. I love Irish.

That's amazing. Thank you for joining. I hope you will enjoy your experience.

Thank you. Now, it's time to give more applause, some music, and before we shut up with our introduction, I have here a new member who is so humble. He asked me three times.

He said, No, I don't want to talk. Please. It took me 25 minutes of convincing him.

Imagine how difficult it was. Now, without further ado, I want to invite on stage Dimitrios. Please, let's give an applause.

Goldman Sachs. That's something. I appreciate... First of all, let me be honest. 

I appreciate that you changed your stance. Why? Changing opinion is the best virtue of a human being. That's our difference to animals.

Because animals have instincts. We have intellectual capacity to listen to someone else's opinion. So, let's give an applause.

Let's give an applause to Dimitrios. Thank you, Arkady. At least you didn't make me talk after the ladies from Las Vegas.

Yes, yes, yes. Now, imagine we come to Burj Khalifa. How many floors in Burj Khalifa? Simon, how many floors? What do you think? 50. 

Okay, floor number one. I come with you. I push the button 150, and elevator start to move.

Who is Dimitrios? Your career, please. The elevator moves. Please, microphone, closer. 

So, studied in Chicago and London. Worked in New York. Came in Dubai eight years ago.

Executive for quite a few years in shipping and oil. Now making the transition into my own business three months ago. Secured financing.

Father of two little girls, four and six. And husband to my lovely wife, Maria. Let's give an applause to Maria.

So, are we... No, we are floor number 30. Now it's time to add some labels. Worked somewhere... Where? Yeah, so... Worked in shipping and refining and oil for a lot of years.

Obviously, a very volatile environment these days as well. You know, over the years I always thought I wanted to do something on my own. It's not the easiest thing in this industry because the financing needs are quite significant.

But, yeah, I think now it's the right time to go for the next step. Who is Goldman? Who is Sachs? Are you working for them? No, I'm not Goldman Sachs. You are not? No. 

You look Goldman to me. Wrong one. So, worked for various shipping companies. 

Worked recently for Uniper in Dubai. I mean, $4 billion turnover per year. I'm not sure I'll reach that turnover in the very first year, but hopefully within two, three years I'll get there. 

Let's give an applause. Now, 99% of Ginger Club members are entrepreneurs. There are few like William who is in transition.

Top two reasons why stop being executive and become entrepreneur. What do you think? How to leave a million dollar salary on the table and go on your own journey? What's your opinion? Well, look, I mean, I have to be honest, right? It's more easy to leave it early on. It's easier to leave it later on after you've made some money, right? Because we need to be truthful. 

But also, you know, you have to put your money where your mouth is. You know, after a while, when you see new opportunities where you think you can do better, you just have to do it. Because otherwise, just time passes. 

Exactly. Do it today. If those of you who didn't do it, talk to Dimitris. 

He will teach you. Let's give an applause. And I am not done.

We all know what means Greece to our culture. Those who don't like Greek mythology leave now. But see, nobody left. 

Let's give an applause to me. You didn't give them enough time. Last year, 10 million tourists in Greece, 20 million in Dubai. 

Top three steps you can learn from Dubai to make this figure double, please. Well, look, the most visited place in the world is Dubai Mall, right? I mean, it's not Eiffel Tower, it's not you know, the Parthenon, it's Dubai Mall. So you can't argue with that. 

There's definitely a lot of things to learn. I mean, tourism in Greece is, you know, the sea, the sand, and, you know, nice weather, and the Parthenon. So, as we were discussing before... Museum of Future in Athens.

You agree? We have to do a lot more. I don't know if it's Museum of the Future, but there's definitely a lot more to be done. Okay, Museum of the Past for the Greek. 

Let's give an applause. It's a good idea. If you want to steal it from me, 5%.

I take 5% royalty, not much. You agree? Museum of the Past. Why not? Okay. 

Thank you for joining us. Let's give an applause. Thank you, thank you.

Now, I'm done with the boring stuff, and now we are moving very fast and rapidly to our agenda. I want to invite on stage a very special person close to me, Jonas Rolo, who came from Qatar to us. Let's give an applause.

Jonas, a few people asked me today, are you Qatarian? No, I'm not Qatari. Is your wife Qatarian? No, she's not Qatari. How come she knows so many things about Qatar people, you know, especially the tiger story? Because we do live in Qatar.

For how many years? Seven years. Seven years, right. Jonas, I have an important question to you. 

Think twice, because you will go through immigration service. What would make you to leave Qatar and move to Dubai? Think twice. Complicated question. 

Of course, everything is complicated in this place. I think that the Middle East is a very nice region, and I think there's some advantages in being in Qatar, some other advantages to being in Dubai. I would personally like more to be in Dubai, but my main occupation right now is in Doha, and actually Change the Club is actually changing that reality and trying to really move me across to Dubai.

Let's give an applause. What separates everyone from something serious? I mean, Mr. Yang is naturally serious, because he will talk about 200 years, not me and you talking about nothing. Elevator pitch, half Burj Khalifa, because full Burj Khalifa, Dimitri Stuk.

What will happen with Change the Club in Dubai in three years? What do you think? That's a very good question, Arkadis. What we have envisioned to Change the Club is more or less, and I don't know if we can achieve this in three years, but we want to be the web summit of angel investment. We want to push ourselves so far up that everyone will understand that angel investment is a fundamental part of the economies of countries, and we want to push this up to a very large part of the population that can start believing in startups and venturing in startups. 

We do think that the failure rate of startups is outrageously high, and that it could be way lower if it would be participated by much more part of the population. You're absolutely right, and we have here a little publication from our last event when Ali Maktoum, His Highness, was visiting us. Let's give an applause to him.

And our simple goal, simple goal in Dubai, and this was the reason why we decided to make four events during the year and bring European investors here and unite local intellectually savvy entrepreneurs. Those who prefer to develop their intellectual capacity more than pleasures, those who have driven enough their Ferrari, who have
