We have a special agenda today. I am very glad that Ginger Club is back to the bay for the third time, and I believe in science. You never return to a place which is bad for three times in a row, so something should be good here.

Drinks are on the table, Arkady is sober, imagine, first time in five years I haven't drink at all before, exactly, do it, do it, do it, do it, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm testing how it works, will it improve anything or not, because if not, then it makes no sense not to drink. But people keep telling me, Arkady, don't drink, Simon told me we're in danger, the event is in danger, since my alcohol consumption goes down.

I think everyone is take, there are a few more important persons who are coming in, and usually those who are very late, they are Greek, let me check this concept, are you Greek guys? Ah, see, let's give an applause, my artificial intelligence did it right, I see them for the first time, maybe not, but anyhow, but we still love them, that's amazing, that's what Greek culture makes, my name is Greek, that's why I have certain affinity, I learned it not long time ago. Before I will bombard you with something serious, just house rules, house rules, very important, every house has rules, and I don't care, you like it or not, those who don't, please leave, no offence, it's very polite, the rule number one, please, no mobile phones, let me talk for a little while about something intangible, let's talk about happiness, happiness, what is happiness? Happiness in a nutshell is a feel when you achieve what you want, yeah, you agree, Ali, so you want something, you keep achieving it, you are continuously happy person, and when you don't, you become angry, that's a very simple thing, but what we encounter in life, I see mobile phone on the backside, mobile phone, yes, thank you, when we don't achieve, we become unhappy, but sometimes when we reach our goal, we suddenly realize that we are unhappy too, because it turned out that the goals we have set are wrong for us, this is the reason why we five years ago created Changer Club, to give an opportunity for special people, and all of you special, especially Tulio, who is on mobile phone, Tulio, hello, raise your hand, hello, that's him, he comes from north, it's very cold there, so we will allow him, last chance, so we created the Changer Club for one special meaning, and I want you to understand this, it's very important why you are here, to give a chance for you to reconsider your goals, each of you seems to be high achiever, because if you are not, we have some problem in our VIP guest and membership scouting system, that you are a loser, but you kind of sneaked here, if somebody is a loser, don't raise your hand, but just become blushing, so nobody is, you are all very successful, my job and job of the team challenge you, my job is to open up somewhere deep inside you, the opportunities, the desires, the willpower, the hidden DNA, that you can do more and different, if you are in private wealth, I want you to consider to build your AI startup, if you are in logistic, I want you to launch quantum computer business, if you never thought about longevity, a great industry, I want you to open your own longevity project, and this is the purpose of Changer Club, our job is to challenge your goals, and give you new goals, and how we do it? Very simple, we invite on stage people who have brain capacity, not like me, for example today we invited Anil, could you give an applause? A neuroscientist, and what means neuroscientist, a person who should restart your brain thinking, who should elevate the way you create ideas to a completely new level, and that's what's interesting in Dubai, why many of you appreciate us, by the way our membership in Dubai from Middle East reached 35 members recently, 35 members from the Middle East just during a quarter of this year, so it's not bad, let's give an applause, thank you. Dubai seems to have everything, but we found a little piece what was missing, and that's us here, how to scale you intellectually, not how to deliver pleasures, there are so many places, but how to scale you intellectually, that's my job and job of our team to deliver on this, so Anil is here, and this is one, but then I have a very special guest here, Yassar, could you please give an applause to Yassar, you don't know who he is, and if you don't you have problems, why? Because for me if I'm something wrong or it's offensive, don't get offended, he's a papa of a management system of Dubai, everything you see here, this guy put his little hand to create it, it's an author of a legendary book, Sheikh CEO, a management system of his Highness Mohammed Mahdum, a person who run his office for many years, so you have a unique chance to touch base with a legend who build everything you like, and you Gustav, who came from Sweden today, you will connect now through Changer Club to a person who build everything you love, so it's like reconnecting with your first love, a big love, you agree? Now, we will today for sure meet a lot of our members, and today for sure you will understand more what is our soul, because the difference between clubs and conference, that we here for a multiple engagement, Changer Club runs for every month, and it's an opportunity to understand each of us, our real soul. 

Now, the introduction part is almost over, and now it's time for me to get serious and go through the agenda so you understand more. I have fantastic gadget here, let's see if it works, and it does. Okay, now, it says here classical words, Arkady, you talk a lot, shut up, okay, that's we already know, nothing new, of course it doesn't work, but let me put you on the screen a little bit for our guests to see what is Changer Club, could we put a video about the Changer Club? If you are in the right communities, you will be more and more successful, it's the only way to explain like, I was in the right communities, that's why I was in 10% of all German unicorns, there's no other way to explain that, that's the only way. 

The second thing is, there's no more powerful thing for personal development than to be surrounded by people that inspire you that you want to be like, you have to witness with your eyes the life stories of other people. For me, like doing an investment is like booking a vacation, only 10 years long, so I want to experience, if you book a vacation, you want to experience something, right, so if I make an investment, I want this investment to affect me, I want to learn something, I want to experience wow, I want to be amazed by something, so I definitely want to be engaged. The investments, opportunities are amazing, I think that I've made already five investments, so probably if I was trying to do this by myself, I would not have the time, nor the variety of capability of analysis that the club allows us to have, nor the access to the CEOs to be able to do these investments.

ChangerClub is the best place, I would say in whole Europe, it makes you better, makes you more interesting for others and gives you interesting views into what other people think, what other people invest, what other people are good at, and then I'm sure this will make your personal life better than it has ever been. Good, let's give an applause. Now, for those who are guests here, you are not here by chance, our artificial intelligence has selected you as a special individual who are gifted with a high intellectual capacity, so you are here for a reason, you are here for a reason, and you will hear Yassar that Dubai now is focusing on everything what relates, if I'm right, to knowledge economy, and you are here for this reason, there are enough skyscrapers in Dubai, 430 I learned today, but knowledge economy, and one of our tasks, and Jonas will talk about it, is to help Dubai to shine with unicorns, to raise it from one unicorn to 20 unicorns, and I'll tell you in a minute how we do it. 

So, if by the end of this evening, some of you, deep in the heart, will get an emotion, why on earth I am still not getting a member of this beautiful club? Just this question. Kevin, are you there, Kevin? Here is Kevin, let's give an applause to Kevin. Imagine, this crazy German, you can't call him differently, changed the job of being number one salesman for Tesla in Dubai to work at Changer Club, so let's give him applause because he's more crazy than I am. 

So, come to Kevin and talk a little bit about Changer Club, and remember that community, community you are in, the caliber of ideas you discuss defines who you will become. There is nobody in Changer Club who wants to retire, we are anti-retirement product, we want, see, this guy will never retire, remember, he will live for 200 years, maybe 300, the most positive person I ever saw in my life, yeah, Montas. How is my pronunciation? Very French, you agree? Yeah, see, see, see, see, see. 

Okay, I want to shut up, I don't know how because, you know, the scenario is very long, and one way to shut me up is to give a microphone to somebody who is much more attractive than I am, who is smarter than I am, who is richer than I am, no, you sit down, yeah, after you, of course. And to a person, everything else was naturally a joke with the truth mixed, but a person who managed to create ultra-wealth while working with his father, which is one of the pillars of Changer Club, and as you may know, I see mobile phones, I'm getting angry, ladies, it's me, why I'm angry? Because I don't achieve what I want, you remember, yeah, you get angry when you don't achieve what you want, yeah. So family affair for us is a pillar, our siblings from 16 years old participate in the club sessions free of charge, and this is our program for succession, so if you have kids, and you want them to learn how to communicate with mature adults, you want to implant big ideas and ambitions, take them to Changer Club. 

Without further ado, let's invite on stage Simon Parker, Simon, please come, come, come, come, come, come, come. Yeah, give us some music, otherwise it's like funeral, funeral here today. Simon, who on earth is Simon? Look at this beautiful Greek couple, who is Simon? Well, they came back. 

Of course they did, yeah. Who is Simon? Before I answer that question, Arkady, I'd just like to thank not only you, Arkady, but also Julia and Slava and all the girls behind the scene and the men behind the scene for curating such a good event. You do such good events, and I don't know how you do it, because you kind of finish one, it feels like yesterday we were in Istanbul, I think. 

We were. We were, there we go, and today we're back in Dubai. It's got to the stage now where I'm actually subconsciously arranging my schedule around where Changer Club is meeting. 

And also, although this sounds a bit presumptuous, welcome all to Dubai. It's a place I lived for 25 years. I'm actually in Cyprus now. 

Can you give a repeat? 25 years in Dubai? I was 25 years. I live in Cyprus now, but it's such a great place for Changer Club. I think it fits very well with the philosophy of the Changer Club. 

I mean, it's an amazing place. In fact, just take this hotel. When I arrived, we'd be in our swimming trunks now, bathing in the sea, because this is the palm, a man-made island, and this is the sort of country. 

I'm sure this man can tell you why, because the leadership of this country is so strong and so innovative, and so they set impossible goals that are constantly achieved and surpassed. So who is Simon? Have I got away with that now? No, you've said nothing so far. Now it's time to say some substance. 

Look at yourself. His eyes should give a definite answer. I understood who is this guy, because he understood immediately who is me, a joke boy. 

But who is Simon? Well, listen, I'm the product of an expat. My father was born in India. Let's give an applause to Papa, our member, by the way. 

Robert Parker. So as soon as I finished university schooling in the UK, I put on a backpack and pointed to a place I'd never heard of, Abu Dhabi, and ended up there and tried to forge my path, spent some time in Hong Kong, in Nice, but came back here and 25 years building a wealth management company. And again, this family business, my father, he actually shares very similar leadership in his hard charging. 

I know why he read Yasser's book. He learned from Yasser. Exactly. 

He read the Sheikh's CEO book. And there we are. That's all I'm going to say, Arkady. 

By the way, I should warn anybody who comes up on stage, it doesn't matter what you're asked or told to do in advance. Arkady asked you different questions. Yes, yes, absolutely. 

Let's give an applause to Simon. Of course, he understood nothing like me. Okay. 

Not a single name, not a single number. So ground zero. Yeah. 

So his side work is MI5. So if you need some connections to intelligence service, you know, he doesn't say any numbers. But now let me help you. 

So the company you work, you created out of these 25 years, the name is? I'm getting adverts now. Holborn Assets. Yeah. 

How big is it in United Emirates? Okay. Well, I know you like me to brag because I've tried to be self-deprecating by the way, we're a bragging institution. Praise, raise, happiness. 

Am I right? The scientist proved I'm right. So forgive me for this pitch, but I'm only doing this because Arkady won't let me get away with it. No, no, no get away. 

So we started, my father, I'm taking your... Yeah, carry on. Don't worry. He will not strangle you tonight. 

And again, so forgive me, but we are, we're 250 wealth managers, 600 employees, 25 global offices. We have 5 billion of assets under influence and 2 billion that we directly manage through our own funds. And we are going to start it. 

A single question. Is it all done out of Dubai? So it all started in Dubai. I mean, the core of our business is in Dubai. 

If we hadn't... This is a product of Dubai. 5 billion under management, 600 wealth managers globally, a product of Dubai. Let's give an applause. 

So no miracles, not somewhere. I don't know where. I haven't seen these people. 

It was created somehow. No, no bullshit. Real stuff.

Have you ever regretted to come here? No. My family's had a fantastic life. I mean, we could have never foreseen. 

I mean, it was even back in 97, it was a pretty well-developed country. I mean, there were, you know, there was, it was, it felt like the land of milk and honey, that the streets were paved with gold. And to think of the changes over that period of time, it's insane. 

And I remember people saying to me when I arrived, I've missed the boat. You know, this is in 97, right? They were saying, I've missed the boat. It's all over, all the big money's been made.

And of course, so to anybody starting out now, this is, this really is somewhere. I think there's a certain sense, and I say this in a nice way, there's a certain sense of entitlement when you come to Dubai. It's like, you expect to be successful, right? It engenders that. 

So people arrive, and you couldn't do this in a lot of other countries we know, certainly not in the UK, which is my heritage. People would, they feel downtrodden and depressed, and they can't achieve anything. Whereas in Dubai, you can achieve anything.

And to anybody arriving today, this will be the place where the next 20 unicorns are made. Now, final question. Everything before was easy, now very difficult.

Now the change of cleverness. Yeah, now change of question. Are you ready? Yeah.

And what is the name of your prime minister? Please. Literally no idea. Yeah, no idea. 

So this guy. Rishi Sunak, sorry. He does know, that's good. 

Let's give him an applause. He's very well politically prepared. Please think twice, and it's okay to think, don't answer right now.

Tell me, when British civil servants will come to Dubai for trainings how to run a country well? Well, listen, we've got a lot of issues in the UK. Who's from the UK? Hands up. Yeah.

Thank goodness. Arne Kent. We see Arne Kent.

We've got a lot of issues in the UK. And I think it's to the extent that, look, I've been outside of the UK for 25 years. Clearly, I'd love, from a pride perspective, I'd love for the country of my birth to learn some of the lessons of Dubai.

But I think we're too insular now. We're sort of, you know, prevaricate between Europe and the US. Neither like us, and rightly so.

Obviously, post-Brexit, I've been telling people I'm from Australia. So, you know, I think it would be great if they came over and learned some lessons. But they're probably not going to do that anytime soon, Arkady.

I think that Yassar will soon come himself to London and give you lessons to the country management. We need it. We need Dubai back in Europe. 

Please help us. Thank you very much. It's a pleasure. 

It's a pleasure. Typical member of Changer Club. Open, warm, curious, successful, mature, humorous.

See? Everybody's silent. Who is not like Simon? Don't raise your hands. Think twice.

All of you are, because you can't come in here otherwise. And if some of you thought, oh, I'm not yet, stay with us until the rest of the evening. You will see the magic.

Now, we're done with Simon. I'm trying to open this machine. It's the first time in my life I'm doing something from a machine.

I always did it from paper. They told me, you know, paper is old. Look, you already got introduction to Yassar.

Let's put him on the screen. Who is Yassar? For those of you who didn't read his book, Sheikh CEO, we have a gift. Today, let's give an applause to me. 

It was good. And why you should read? Because there is not a single human in Ginger Club who is not curious, who doesn't want to understand why, why Dubai is the way it is, why everything works, why service works, why it's number one in this and number one in that, why Europeans, Indians, and Africans want to come here. We had a calculation today.

If just 10% of German and French millionaires decide to rent a missile to Dubai, you will get another 400,000 millionaires to Dubai. It's not bad. It's eight times more than you have now.

Let's give an applause to me. I'm looking nice. After we have welcoming remark by Dr. Yassar, then we have our special guest, Anil Seth.

Please, let's give an applause to Anil. World leading neuroscientist. What it means neuroscientist? It means that he will distract our guest here with a nice white shirt from his mobile phone because of his presentation will be much more appealing than the messages which our guest keep receiving so persistently.

They didn't even look at me. Anil came to us by a big virtue in between of flights and presentation and TED talks and everything in between. You better listen.

As you know, we have a matchmaking service. I hope you remember that when you entered, you were confronted with our digital matchmaking service. This really works.

During the break, we will have a book signing. We have prepared gifts for you. Gifts for us is an aftertaste of Ginger Club.

This intellectual flavor which you're going to get tonight will continue tomorrow. When you read handwritten books by our special friends today, which we have prepared, Jessica will do live jazz with us. Where is Jessica? Let's give an applause to Jessica.

Good, good, good. Now it's almost over with all this intellectual blah, blah, blah, and we come to pleasure part. If you love smoking, our dear member from Estonia, Tullio Liblik, has selected nice cigars.

Tullio, raise, raise, please. Let's give an applause to this guy. We smoke cigars, which is good.

I don't smoke, which is bad, but you can smoke. So for tomorrow, if you are a member, not guest, we'll have a morning mastermind session. Let's put this beautiful guy on the screen.

Where is Armands? Armands, can you raise, please? This is him, a crazy guy who tokenized everything. I haven't asked his wife, has he tokenized some family issues also? But if you want to tokenize something, it's better to speak to Armands, so we'll learn something. And then later, during the day, we have prepared you a soulful lunch, our tradition, where we talk our personal affairs, member to member.

We have an immersive lunch, which is prepared for you. So let's give an applause to you, because I have no capacity to... What else it says? Wow, that's my best part. It says, Arkady, move from the stage.

Everybody tired of you. It's time to shut up forever, because stage is not yours. You're on... No, no, who written this? I know, I know, I know this girl.

Now, without further ado, a person who is here, only because five years ago I read his book, Sheikh's CEO, I was so impressed. I put a note in my calendar that one day, this guy will talk at my event. See, five years passed, I am slow.

But here is our special guest, Dr. Gerard, please. Welcome on stage. It's good.

Thank you very much. First of all, welcome to Dubai. Second of all, I have to admit, I wasn't expecting this.

I just got an email. I didn't expect it either. They mentioned the book, and they said there's a bunch of prominent people, investors coming to Dubai, and we'd like you to give a few welcoming notes.

So I said yes to the ladies. And I prepared a fairly boring presentation, so I can take you through some of the things.
