John Sonne, please, please welcome on stage, give an applause, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up. It's a pleasure to see you. Thank you, great to be here. 

Is it true that you were born in South Africa? Swaziland. Swaziland? Of all places. I do ask my mom and dad what the hell they were thinking at 21 and 22. 

You don't look like original Swaziland. I don't, I don't. It depends on the sun.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, but how did it happen? Short story. You, Swaziland. My mom and dad were missionaries, so they went to go and teach a religion in Africa. 

Right. I'm not part of that religion, but they are. And were they successful in what they did? I don't know, I'm not a big fan of religion, so it wasn't successful for me. 

Right, right. Before we kick off this presentation, for those of you who are skeptical, who this guy is, why we should listen to him, what is the single one idea we will learn, what do you think, after your presentation? What it will be? What we should grasp? What should be our focus on your talk? What is this one big idea we need to grasp? What do you think? I really think it's hard to distill it into one idea. My research has two different arms and two different levels. 

The first one is, how are we going to compete as human beings in a world of ubiquitous hyper-intelligence? How do we need to evolve ourselves as humans? The other part is, what are we doing with artificial intelligence and how are we applying it to our businesses in very specific ways? And the big problem that we have in the world is that complexity is the enemy of execution and most companies are not executing quick enough because it's such a complex idea. So tonight, what I'm going to do is, I'm going to simplify artificial intelligence and simplify how to restructure our organizations to prepare for what's coming. Ladies and gentlemen, we were discussing a couple of years with John to have this talk with you.

The reason for that, he has a unique skill to blend together different disciplines, to teach you and me how to forecast the future. And when you go home, meet your friends, you will know about the future a little bit more, 1%. And this 1% defines the big success.

Without further ado, all attention to John and we will double check what you understood, please. Thank you very much. Great to be here.

So tonight's talk is called, who do we become? And this is a big question that we should be asking ourselves because most people are complaining that the world is changing too quickly. But very, very few people are asking the big question, who do I become in this change? Because we all know that the education system that we come from, the organizational structures that we had are really up for question when it comes into this world of artificial intelligence and converging technologies. My research takes me from neuroscience to human psychology to business strategy and futurism. 

And tonight, I'm going to blend all four of these subjects to give us a very holistic way to prepare ourselves, our children and our organizations for the future that we're moving towards. And we can dive deeper into the Q&A. I only have 45 minutes with you tonight. 

I usually do three hour lectures. So I've tried to squeeze as much as I can into this 45 minutes around preparation for the future, focused in on business strategy and artificial intelligence to be specific. Now, it's no secret that we are going through the largest transformation that any of us have ever experienced. 

And I would even hazard to say that it's the largest transformation that any human beings have ever experienced. Now, all transformations, no matter how small or how large, always have three phases, whether you want to change your business, sell your business, lose some weight, or go through this massive transformation that we're going through. The first pillar of all transformations is always sadness. 

Sadness because we have to leave the shore of familiarity. Sadness because we have to leave our comfort zones. And sometimes sadness because we have to leave the identities and businesses we've spent hundreds of thousands of dollars developing and building over decades of time as we move into transformation. 

Because in order for us to truly transform, what we have to do is let go of many, many things in order to begin the journey towards the second phase of transformation, which is a strange wild world. We are only beginning the strange wild world now in this decade, and it's going to become a whole lot stranger over the next 10 years. Now, the problem is this is not something we can think through. 

This is something we have to feel through. This is an emotional process to deal with so much turmoil. It's not something that your IQ is going to help you with. 

This is far too vast for intelligence to work through. And it was C.S. Lewis who said it best. He said, I sat with my anger long enough until she told me her name was grief.

And what we have today are people that are not emotionally ready for this change. We have lots of PhDs and MBAs, but very low emotional intelligence. And emotional intelligence is the real currency that gets us to go through so much change. 

You see, our brains have been wired for certainty, not change. And in order for us to go through this change, we have to really develop a brand new skill that school has not taught us, and neither has business. Now, the third phase of all transformations is adventure. 

Because eventually, we get to a place where we have wind in our sails again. We know what the world looks like. We have trained ourselves for this new world. 

And we'll understand what to do. But we are squarely between sad and strange. We have a world that's upset with so much change that's happening. 

Huge countries around the world and empires are crumbling, while other empires are growing. And we have a very, very emotional, angry, and sad human population at the moment as we're going through this process of transformation. And the reason I start with this, it's important to understand where we are in the process of this transformation. 

Over the next 10 years, we will see much more implosion. Many more economies start to falter. Many more exchange currencies start to shift. 

And power structures really start to change around the world. Now, let's remember that our educational system, our organizational system, and even some of our religious systems are all based on an addiction to stability and certainty. We do things for outcomes, not processes. 

And our educational system has got us to think like this. It's called economies of scale. It's all about the end result, not the actual process itself. 

And we all know that the future is about exactly the opposite. The future is about adaptability, not stability. And many organizations in the world today put out marketing lines that we are now an agile organization. 

But absolutely nothing has changed in those organizations, because the very structure of our organizations is based on stability and economies of scale. And so tonight, I want to explain to us what we need to do in order to keep the lights on as well as actually start to prepare for what's coming, because both are necessary. Now, we have to go further into this, because as a global human society, what we've created, because of this addiction to certainty, is something called fragile optimism.

And fragile optimism is when things work out like you want them to be, you'll be optimistic. And if they don't, you're not going to be optimistic. You're going to be sulking, shaming, and blaming the world around you, but not really taking the responsibility. 

And this is really based on the fact that we haven't really developed our emotional intelligence in our educational system at all, in any way. And hopefully by the end of this talk, we would have developed some new skills and new tools to develop something called agile optimism. And what agile optimism is, it's got nothing to do with an outcome, it's got everything to do with a process. 

This becomes the new skill of tomorrow. And if we aren't able to deal with this new change that's happening around us, and if we emotionally are faltering, we aren't able to be excited, curious, and fascinated with the strange new world. In fact, we become defensive of our old ideas and old behaviors. 

Now, what has happened over the last hundred years, humanity has tried to manage humanity using four different big sort of ideas. And these ideas are fascism, socialism, liberalism, and communism. And each one of them are vastly different, or kind of similar, but each one of them have one thing in common.

The human being. Whether you were liberal to give humans freedom, or communism to make everybody equal, it was always about the human being at the center of the mission that these four systems had. But somehow we've taken ourselves out of our own story. 

Nobody today is talking about human potential for the future. Now all we're talking about is technology and artificial intelligence. We've taken ourselves as human beings out of our own story. 

Anybody here been to a talk recently about potentials of humans for the future? No. Everybody's talking AI, everybody's talking technology, and what we have to start to think about is what does it mean to be a new human in a world of hyper-intelligence? And nobody's really thinking about this because all of us know we're sending our kids to school to get ready for 1986. Nobody's really doing anything in school that's getting our kids ready for the future because education itself is stuck between sad and strange.

Now what we have to think about is how do we develop this new human? What does it mean to be a new human? How does it mean that we can access new types of creativity to think laterally and not in singular ways? And this really becomes the crux of us preparing for the future. And it was Einstein who said it best. He said you cannot solve a problem from the same awareness that created it. 

And here we are in a world where most people in positions of leadership have been educated and are excellent at economies of scale. And tomorrow is not about economies of scale anymore. Tomorrow is about economies of learning. 

It's a brand new business model. It's a brand new process. And the biggest question you can ask yourself is what is awareness and how quickly can I change it? Because if you aren't thinking in new ways, you can't see solutions in new ways.

And a great quote that really kind of backs this one up is from Alvin Toffler who says, the illiterate of the 21st century will not be the ones who cannot read and cannot write, but the ones who cannot unlearn to relearn. And so let me ask you a quick question here. Anybody have an MBA in unlearning? Show of hands. 

No, nobody. What about a PhD in unlearning? Anybody done a Harvard course of unlearning? No. Nobody knows how to unlearn. 

Everybody's excellent at learning. But how about defragging our computers? And if you don't defrag your computer, what happens? Gets messy. Power structures don't work. 

Files are all over the place. This is called emotional turbulence that we're all going through around the world as we go through into this world of AI. Now, if we really start to think about this a bit deeper, where am I? There was Alan Watts who said it best. 

He said, the knowledgeable man has to learn something new every day, but the wise man has to unlearn something new every day. And the future requires more wisdom, less intelligence. We have very, very smart people out there that are creating havoc around the world. 

We require wisdom and not intelligence. And I'm going to explain to you why IQ is becoming something that was required in the last century and not in the century that we're moving into. Now, in order for us to understand the skills that we will require for the future, let's understand the skills that we've had in the past and the current skills that we are still applying. 

But what are the skills that we're going to be needing as we move into this future? Now, in the agricultural era, for 10,000 years, for plus minus 500 generations, there were three simple rules for us to become successful. The first one was follow your forefathers. Your forefathers know exactly what's going on. 

They've been doing this for many generations. Two, understand the season so you understand when you need to reap, sow, and harvest. And three, make sure that you have the muscles to work the fields for 12 hours a day. 

For 10,000 years, for 500 generations, the most important skill that we had as human beings was our physicality. And PQ was the most important way for us to add value to the world. But when the industrial revolution arrived, and 200 plus minus years ago, when the steam engine arrived, our physicality became irrelevant. 

Anybody here wake up this morning and try and push harder than a tractor? Anybody? No, of course not. It's ridiculous to even think about it. Anybody try and run faster than the car on the way here? No. 

Why would you even do that? Physicality is for machines, not for us anymore. We got a gym to work our bodies. We don't even have to think about adding value in physical ways. 

And in industrial times, what happened 200 years ago, the very essence of how we added value to the world started to change. And we went from following our forefathers to following the system. And the system is school, governments, organizations, and some religions.

The better you follow the system, the better you'd be prized. The better you would be getting opportunities into the world because you were following a system. Also, what you did at school was become logical and analytical and build up your knowledge base. 

And the more logical and analytical you became, the more you were smarter, the higher your IQ was. And when you finished school, you would study accounting and you would have maybe one or two careers. You would continue being an accountant for the rest of your life. 

You wouldn't now become a head of procurement or HR and build a different type of business. That was your skill. And when you finished school, you went to something called uni-versity. 

One-versity. And you did one thing over and over and over and brought more efficiency to that one thing because the world moved so slowly. In today's world, somebody's 10 years old, according to McKinsey, they'll have 29 careers by the time they finish working. 

That's a 15-fold jump from what you and I used to. And so our brains are built for this uni-versity, whereas the kids today, and even us in many ways, which we're competing against them, require multi-versity, which means that the brain itself has to be rewired and organizations have to be restructured. Now, for the last 200 years, we've all prized IQ. 

Anybody here heard of Mensa? Do you know what Mensa is? How do you know somebody's part of Mensa? They tell you. Yeah, exactly. They tell you because it used to be a show-off to be very clever. 

Today, your IQ is quite irrelevant because machines and AI are faster, better, and cheaper exponentially. Not even a little bit, but exponentially better than us. And so for the last 200 years, what we've done is we've prized IQ and intelligence. 

And so where we are today is kind of this merge or this ending of IQ into this new world, where this new world is called the world of quantum science and quantum computing, where our understanding of reality itself is starting to change. We've gone from Newtonian science to quantum science, and Newtonian science told us reality is objective. Quantum science is telling us reality is subjective. 

It's a very, very different state for us to start to engage with the world. And because of this massive shift, we again are having to add value to the world in brand new ways. And this is what's causing much panic around the world. 

Quick show of hands here. Who has children? And how many of your children want to be influencers? Yeah? Yeah, I've got the same sort of scoff around the world that... Sorry, I'm just having your water. Most people around the world have the same scoff. 

They're like these Muppets, want to be TikTok, Schmick-Tok influencers. What a bunch of idiots. Why don't you just go study a textbook and get ready for school and work like I did in 1975? That's what we're wanting our kids to do, is to do what we did because it's familiar to us, and we don't quite understand what the new world looks like. 

But let's look at what are the new ways for us to add value into the world. And the new ways for us to add value into the world are exactly opposite of the way the Industrial Revolution asked us to. The Industrial Revolution asked us to fit into a system. 

The quantum space is asking us to fit out of the system. It's a very different skill because what has happened is that intelligence has become commoditized. Intelligence has become demonetized. 

It's accessible everywhere. You don't have to have that sort of knowledge base yourself anymore. And the system itself that we were prized to fit into is crumbling around us. 

And so we have to now realize that the uniqueness in who we are becomes something that we are all seeking out. And this uniqueness today is called influencers. Tomorrow will be called something else. 

But what our kids are desperate to do is to have a voice of their own, to be able to not fit into the system that you might not even be happy with yourself. So instead of actually becoming logical and analytical, now what we need to do is we need to become hyperdynamic and adaptable in a world that's constantly changing. The ability for us to unlearn, to relearn, to be creative in multiple ways becomes an utmost importance, and it's exactly the opposite of what school teaches us. 

Because school teaches us to fit into the system, not fit out of the system. Let me ask you a question, and I imagine many people here weren't obedient at school. Because entrepreneurs aren't usually obedient in school because you don't want to fit into the system. 

That's why you're an entrepreneur and you don't work for somebody. And so we have to realize that this move that we're moving into is no more about IQ but is moved towards not thinking about what we know, but about how we react. Because what is changing consistently? When somebody asks me to come and tell them the top 10 trends about something, my response is it's irrelevant. 

You know why? Because those trends are going to change in three months' time. It's irrelevant what is happening. The most relevant thing we can do is how we react to it. 

How quickly do we engage, unlearn, relearn, and act? And that becomes our superpower as we're moving into this. So the skill of the future is not what, it's how. It's not IQ, but it's very much AQ. 

And AQ is all about adaptability quotient. And our ability to be adaptable to changing worlds and changing markets and changing global changes that are happening continuously become really important for us. And it's not just about being adaptable, it's about being curious, fascinated, and excited about the uncertain future.

And like I said earlier, our brains are not wired for this uncertainty. We are not wired for spontaneity. Now, AQ itself or adaptability is a huge topic, but an underlying current of AQ becomes a huge need for us to have high levels of EQ. 

And EQ is such a big topic for us to think about, but the best description that I've got from EQ is this question. How quickly do you recover from a trigger? The longer you stay triggered, the lower your emotional intelligence. The quicker you can get out of your trigger, the higher your emotional intelligence. 

Now, let me ask you, and I'm not a fan of politics in any way, but the most triggered person in the media today is Donald Trump. And Donald Trump's line in the media to get his presidency back is to what? To make America great again. Where's that? Future or past? Past. 

Because when we get triggered, we're not fascinated and curious about the future. We want to be protective about our familiar past and hold on to it. How many leaders do we know in the world today that are triggered? And if they're triggered, does it really matter how much IQ and how much money they have? Because what they're doing in the world is a mess. 

All wars today we know are started by triggers. They're not started by people that have high levels of emotional intelligence. So understanding the level of emotional intelligence that are required for this amount of change is really, really important. 

Now, if you're triggered for one to five days, you're just in a bad mood. And if you're triggered for five to 10 days, you just have a bad temperament. And if you're triggered for longer than two weeks, well, welcome to your new personality, you grumpy old person. 

Anybody here know somebody that's always angry no matter what's going on? Angry at the pilots at the airport, angry with the roads, angry with the traffic, angry, just angry. Anybody know? Obviously, nobody here. I mean, on the outside. 

What about somebody who's always sad? I watch the news and it's sad. Give me some Haagen-Dazs. It's so sad out there. 

So sad. We become caught up in these triggers. We look for sadness. 

We look for anger. We don't look for change. We don't look for adaptability. 

We look to hold on to old ideas in the state of trigger. Now, what technology is doing is not making this better, but making it much harder for us. And what technology does, it becomes very, very deceptive in the way that it creeps up on us.

We've all heard the saying that the future's arrived, it's just unevenly distributed. And this is called the six Ds. And it tells you exactly how every sector goes through the process when it comes to technology. 

The first thing that happens to all sectors, they become digitized. Once they become digitized, they become dematerialized, the meaning going into thin air. And here's the one that catches all of us, goes into deceptive phase. 

And in this deceptive phase, we all think that technology is far away. And the minute it's come out of its deceptive phase, it moves straight into demonetize, democratize, and disrupt that sector. I'm going to give an example you've heard a thousand times, but I'm going to tell you to within this framework, so you understand how it's impacted all of us. 

1976, Kodak gets the first digital camera presented to its board, 22 seconds to take a photo and eight kilos. I don't know if you know this, an eight kilo camera takes 22 seconds to take a photo. What did the board say of Kodak? Get that rubbish out of the board, it's never going to work. 

It moves into deceptive phase. From 1976 to 1999, it's in the deceptive phase. The minute it pops up, it democratizes, demonetizes, and disrupts the whole photography industry. 

Happens to every sector over and over and over. And if you think your sector is safe, you're in the deceptive phase. Because all of this is in the deceptive phase right now, and not only is it AI, but converging technologies into AI are really going to start to pop over the next couple of years. 

Now, if we go deeper into this, we start to realize that this is actually called the zero marginal cost society. And what the zero marginal cost society is, it means that anything that is digitized is created and shared for free, or almost free. Let me give you a quick example. 

How many photos do you think we all have here between us? Millions. And how much did it cost us to take those photos? Nothing. How much did it take you to put a filter on it and share it with your friends and put it on social? Nothing. 

Zero marginal cost society. And the theory of zero marginal cost society that comes from Jeremy Rifkin, who's a global economist and lecturer at Houghton Business School, says that every sector will go through the process of zero marginal cost society. I'm going to show you a few that we have already experienced, and I'm going to explain to you how the next ones are going to start to happen. 

And we all remember, who here was proud of their CD collection? Remember that CD collection? It was awesome. You used to put in red and blue and green, and then you used to have rock and roll and pop, and CDs were the main thing. Today, we don't even have any CD shops around. 

We have something called Curate, Match and Facilitate that Spotify does so very well. Curates music, matches it to you personally, and facilitates it for $5 a month. That $5 will become $3, $2, $1, and eventually will cost us absolutely nothing to have access to more music made by more people than ever before in history, gone to zero. 

Anybody here in the music industry? No, you wouldn't be sitting here if you were in the music industry. There's no money left in the music industry. Are you in the music industry? You are? Wow, that's amazing. 

Please tell us how. Which part? What do you mean which part? He has a great part. Look at him. 

Look at him. He's a rock star himself. Yeah, rock star. 

Thank you. Introduce yourself, please. Who you are? I'm a music producer.

Okay. A live. Yes, movie producer, and also I own radio stations. 

Wow. I'm one of the first radio entrepreneurs in Turkey. Wow. 

I own Kiss FM Turkey. Wow. Yes. 

Okay, amazing. I own 22 radio stations here. Wow, amazing. 

It's time for an applause, huh? Thank you. Amazing. Thank you very much. 

I produced Top of the Puffs of BBC. Yes, I remember them. And I also produced like 65 albums in Turkey. 

Wow. And in Germany. Okay. 

Amazing. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. 

Well done. Just one person making money out of music. That's great. 

Out of a room of 200. Second, you remember when we used to go and print 24 photos, could only use three of them, because the rest you looked fat and had red eyes in them. Obviously nobody here. 

I'm talking everybody on the outside. Today we have so many photos. If you use the right filters, all of us can be models. 

Some of us need more filters than others. Three, you remember when you used to go get DVDs and VHSs? Today there's so much entertainment thrown at us, we don't even know watch it anymore. We click, click, click, click with three screens in front of us, not paying much attention. 

In fact, all digital entertainment is moving to zero. And this is becoming more and more obvious as we start to see Netflix move into a brand new market. I don't know if you know this, but Netflix is the king of jumping sectors when they're already doing well.

They went from DVDs when they were doing well and went into streaming. Now they're going and building thousands of Netflix lands around the world. Not Disneyland, but Netflix lands. 

Because human experience is going to skyrocket as digital entertainment starts going towards zero. So this is obvious now, and we still are all experiencing this. Remember when it used to cost us a lot of money to do a video call across the world? Only the rich people had these big bricks and cell phones. 

Today everybody's got three cell phones. We don't even think about it. I had a lady working for me in Cape Town. 

She had an earphone in her ear all day. And I said to her, Nancy, who are you speaking to all day? She says, my sister who's working just down the road, also on a Wi-Fi hotspot, speaking to each other 12 hours a day, cost absolutely nothing. Now let me quickly ask you, could you imagine any of these happening before they happened? No. 

It was an impossibility. Our awareness was stuck in an old way of thinking, and our awareness couldn't actually see these new potentials. So our awareness keeps us stuck without us even knowing that it's stuck. 

I'm going to show you four more, and what I'm going to see in everybody's eyes is, no way. That's never going to happen. Now you're talking shit, John. 

That's definitely rubbish. Next, what's going to move towards zero is transportation. And this is obvious. 

We can see the extrapolation of green energy, driverless cars, autonomous vehicles. And this is just a matter of time. And if you argue with it, remember deceptive.

All of this is happening and bubbling in the background. If you take a $10 Uber ride, $8 on an Uber ride is petrol, oil, engine parts, and driver. Take all four of those pieces out, $2. 

Share it for four people, 50 cents a ride. So we can see that extrapolation moving. Also, we can see that generating power is going to be moving towards zero over the next five years or so. 

We have so many startups around the world, the fusion, hydrogen, solar, wind. I mean, this is just extrapolating all around the world. Computing power is also moving towards zero.

And one that I just added a couple months ago is all services are going to zero. And this is a big task because many of us are in services, including myself. And when I tell you that all services are moving towards zero is because what we are moving away from, which is something that we've become quite used to over the last year, called LLMs, large language models, we are now moving towards something called LLMs, which is large action models. 

And what large action models are going to do are going to become personal assistants for all of us. And over this next year, what's going to happen is iOS 18 is going to launch with Siri, which is going to be a hell of a lot smarter than it's always been. And R1 Rabbit was actually the first one that started this a few months ago, where you'll be able to ask Siri to look for Italian restaurants, book the booking for you, call an Uber for you, book holidays for you. 

And this large action model is going to extrapolate itself into law, accounting, nutrition, right across the board. And Yuval Harari calls this the emergence of the useless class, meaning that over the next two to five years, we'll start to see one or two billion people become useless that were highly regarded, highly paid, and highly intellectual because of LLMs that are starting to come into the play at the moment. So all of those zero marginal cost societies are going to be impacting almost all sectors across the board. 

Now, if we dive a little bit deeper into this, what they call it is the intimacy economy. And we're about to enter this intimacy economy where we become intimately involved with our AI personal assistants. Eventually, what will start happening is Siri will get to know you so well, it will start making suggestions to you and say to you, Robert, I know you love whiskey. 

As you're walking past the shop, there's whiskey on special, especially the one you like. And as you're walking through, Robert, your friend Mark is sitting in that restaurant. This suggestion machine will start to become intimately involved with us. 

And if we don't think we really like this, that most people say to me on social media, I'm never going to be involved in that. My question is, do you use Google Maps? You're already using it. And AI has already infiltrated itself. 

It happens so slowly that we don't even realize that it's happening. So I'm going to show you.
